I do not believe that things created with AI systems should be allowed to be copywritten unless all the learning material is either open source or from the users own creations. Especially since currently many AI systems pull from sources that not only have not given them permission, but it&#39;s also been shown that companies can lie. Not only that, in systems where people can enter their own prompts, there is almost no way to stop people from submitting copywritten work as a source that is later pulled from. Plus, the work itself is often derivative of many other creators, sometimes directly collaging their work without permission. If you are to copywrite a work sourced from other creatures they must give permission or be included as co-creators which is currently not being done (or even possible as AI works do not cite their sources, another issue.) Plus, many AI works not only source from unethical sources (EG: pulling form places without permission, stealing work or lying about their sources) it&#39;s not uncommon for them to be used unethically (creating illegal images, etc. based on real people for example) due to these facts. If the images and items used to train the programs where accessible to the public, all AI generators cited their sources and not copywritten or non-allowed images were used, it might be a different story, but even then you need to keep in mind open source requirements, etc. So it&#39;s a complicated matter. AI generators need more rules and regulations in place before we allow images created (or stolen) from other artists to be copywritten as &quot;original&quot; as they are not. Plus, without cited sources many of them break copywrite law and even things pulling exclusively from open source and &quot;allowed&quot; sites still breach rules as many of these require sourcing your work when used.<br/><br/>The long and short of it is AI is currently being used unethically to bypass and steal from artists, and break laws. As such, it needs heavier regulation and rules before allowing AI work to be copywritten is allowed.