Generative AIs are statistical models that associate &quot;tokens&quot; of text with some amount of text, images, sound, or video. The exact details of these associations are black boxes, unknowable even to their developers. As generating an output with such models does not involve any human creativity or agency, nor is it a human-legible process, the output of such models must be denied copyright protection, as only works by human authors are entitled to such protections. This must be true even if a human editor modifies the output before it is released. By analogy, copy-editors do not hold the copyright to the books they edit; the authors thereof do. Likewise, human-edited AI-generated material must not be eligible for copyright protection, as its &quot;author&quot; is a statistical model. As the models themselves are the result not of deliberate human engineering and authorship, but of blind software processes (broadly, machine learning) whose inner workings are black boxes to their developers, the models themselves must also be ineligible for copyright protection.<br/><br/>Those who claim that AI generation is a creative act point to the act of writing the text prompts used as inputs to the models as proof of human authorship of the outputs that result. This is false. As an analogy, creating a new recipe is a creative act; ordering a dish from a menu is not. Determining which prompts generate which outputs from any given model is akin to ordering from a menu: the prompt writer is asking for an output from a process they do not participate in. Some may claim superior skill in writing prompts to get high quality outputs, and use this as proof of their participating in a creative act, but this is discovery, not creation. Given set prompts and set seeds for generating random numbers, statistical models will, by their nature, generate consistent outputs. Neither the vastness of possible inputs and outputs, nor the impenetrability of the relationship between them, elevates prompt writing from an act of discovery to an act of creativity. Prompt writers do not produce the output of the models. Since the prompts themselves are just queries to a model, they should not receive copyright protection themselves, for the same reason search requests to Google should not.<br/><br/>Additionally, these models are constructed using tremendous volumes of media in their output type, much of which is copyrighted or private, personal data utilized without the consent of its owners, and recoverable, in whole or in part, from the model. Because of this, the construction, release, or use of any such model, whose makers cannot prove that it was trained exclusively with public domain data, must itself be considered a violation of the copyrights of any and all copyright holders in the relevant medium. This is especially true in the case of models being used to generate outputs in the style of particular artists. Training a model to mimic the style of any given artist must be considered a violation of the copyright rights of said artist, likewise any outputs generated by such specially trained models, or by more general models when prompted using the name of the artist or the titles of their works.<br/><br/>Thank you for your consideration. I hope the copyright office will do the just thing for the American people, and deny copyright protection to AI models and their output, and ensure that only models trained exclusively on public domain data can be lawful to train or use. This will do a great deal to mitigate the personal, economic, social, and political threats presented by these models.