I am concerned by the proliferation of AI models which are trained on data for which permission was not obtained beforehand. This data can then be used to generate similar works ad infinitum and in perpetuity. Should these works, or other works which use them, be able to be copyrighted? Should AI models be allowed to make use of copyrighted material in order to make similar works?<br/><br/>In the case of the intellectual property, work, or style of a writer or artist, this means that the person in question has no ability to protect themselves or their business from being obsoleted by this technology. Copyrighted material may be used in training an AI model without even a record maintained that this has been done.<br/><br/>I think that before a work can be used to train an AI model, permission should first be obtained to use copyrighted works or intellectual property, and further, that the creators of AI models have a responsibility to document what has been used to train it and from where it was sourced. In addition, many current AI models make it nearly impossible to remove data if consent is revoked or if the data is discovered to have been illegally obtained. I think that the developers of AI models have a responsibility to solve this issue so that data can be removed when needed.<br/><br/>I also find the issue of copyright on works generated by AI models which have been trained from many sources to be difficult to solve. What if, for example, a work is registered which contains AI-generated content, and later, consent is revoked on some part of the data used to train it? Can the content originally generated for the work still stand under a copyright of its own when permission to use part of the data used to create it has been revoked? Alternatively, in the case of models trained on the creative work of individuals or companies, if permission was indeed obtained, then this permission has been given to allow the AI model to use this work to learn to create others. This seems different from permission given to reproduce or use part of the existing work. Is it responsible to issue copyright on an AI-generated work of this type, or on something which contains it?