I&#39;ve been drawing for my entire life. I now draw and paint artworks for the video game industry and have been working as a professional artist for over 14 years. My entire body of practice and work - personal work, practice, sketches, full illustrations, client work, project explorations, paid and licensed art that required legal NDAs and contracts - is in every AI art generator. I did not consent to this. No one did, and no one could have foreseen people developing this technology. And now the tech companies, entities, and people who are pushing for this blatant violation of laws, ethics, and humanity are trying to deceive you, the US government, into forgiving their novel crimes toward your own citizens. This is not just a technology that hurts artists. Allowing it to continue will completely eradicate all peoples&#39; trust in the internet and government. Artists work hard for years - decades - to hone their craft via hard work, setbacks, passion, and most of all respect for the visual medium. We acquired this skill with discipline and respect. The generative AI advocates who have stolen billions of copyrighted works (as well as countless private photos) have no such respect. They completely disregard the responsibility to ethics and fellow people that comes with having a skilled craft. They are asking to take power from you, while taking absolutely zero responsibility for the cost of destroying the fabric of humanity across the globe. It is incredibly unwise to allow generative AI to keep existing. A computer can&#39;t enjoy a sunrise for you. Why should you allow it to trick billions of people into believing in sunrises that neither exist, nor were crafted by a human&#39;s very real thoughts, emotions, hopes, and dreams? My entire body of work was siphoned into these generative AI programs. I would kindly ask that my copyright be respected - and that they be removed (algorithmically disgorged) from every single AI generator not just existing now, but always. As a citizen of this country, if we have any rights at all, we should have a right to our own selves - untainted. I hope you agree. Also - allowing generative AI to exist means killing our own skills, power, and agency as Americans. Please keep that in mind when the companies who stand to profit from our creative atrophy come begging for your forgiveness and blessing. Thank you for reading. Best regards.