Artificial Intelligence does not have human rights as it is not a human. A person putting a string of words into generative AI is not &quot;creating.&quot; Any other human could also put in this string of words and the AI would spit out a different result. If I put in &quot;man in the yellow hat&quot; it might spit out Curious George, or it might spit out Tuck Everlasting. The point of &#39;prompts&#39; in general is that people respond differently to them. In real life, there are contests for artists to respond to a prompt. Thousands of human artists will draw the same thing thousands of different ways. The question of if AI art is copyrightable can be attributed one of two ways: <br/>(1) The person putting in the prompt and generating the result will hold the copyright. This would fail because as above, there is no combination of letters that could come up with a single same answer every time. Therefore, the person putting in the prompt cannot prove they have an individual idea that cannot be copied. <br/>(2) The owner of the generative AI having built the system would own the copyright of all its works. This would defeat the purpose of using the AI because it would generate works for someone else. This could be circumvented by purchasing rights (such as money to input X number of prompts), but the copyright would still hinge upon a single person/LLC creating the generative AI. This would inevitably complicate every other AI that is based upon its original source code. <br/>Overall, it would be pointless to try to pin down copyright to AI. Because AI is not a human, the generator cannot hold a copyright. It would either be vested in the AI maker (and somehow licensible) or defeat the purpose of AI by copyrighting the actual string of words/prompts, which (a) could never be unique, and (b) even if it was unique, would spit out different results every time. <br/>Moreover, the idea of copyrighting AI art is driving out artists who actually make their living from illustrations, graphic design, and creation. This expands also into music, scoring, writing, and acting. Although a slippery slope argument is usually fallacious, in this particular instance the precedent of allowing people who generate prompts to create art or writing or music would detrimentally affect a swath of society in a way that mere copyright could not make up for. There is no question that AI should remain a tool at its core to be used to augment, rather than replace, human works of ingenuity. 