People always compare data scraping for Generative AI to artists taking inspiration to build their own style. With AI imitating the art styles of online artists, it is important to highlight the difference between what human artists do. Scale matters. For example, an artist imitating parts of the style of Steven Universe once or a few times does not pose harm to the employment of animators in CalArts. On the other hand, AI is taking away opportunities from artists by allowing everybody to generate infinite amounts of mages in their likeness without payment or credit for their work. Take Greg Rutkowski for example. Ever since the availability of AI replicating his style skyrocketed, he saw a drop in clientele. Artists taking inspiration from existing art is not equitable to a machine memorizing copies of an image pixel by pixel and repeating that process 5 billion times. Comparing those two is like saying that chopping down one tree is the same as decimating an entire forest. Again, scale matters; and the limited scale at which human artistic inspiration operates allows for a fair chance for many people to succeed at the same time rather than the monopolized future AI companies want from art. They want our identity/styles only for profit. This is not even mentioning the countless inappropriate content out there being generated in the styles of artists. A style is like a singing voice. Partly, its inflections are influenced by other humans as inspiration, but that does not make it unoriginal. A lot of the human aspects of singing make it practically impossible for one singer to completely duplicate the voice of another. Humans will always add their own flare to art unintentionally. That makes the singing voice a hallmark of one&#39;s artistic identity. Art style is no different. It is what sets apart artists from others. AI in a way, is making impersonation of that identity possible for everyone who has access to the software. If legal action can be taken against non-consensual, and damaging impersonation, what is stopping us from setting boundaries for generative AI? Innovations should always help more people than it is harming, and such cannot be said with what unregulated generative AI is capable of and is already doing to artists.