Artificial Intelligence is a threat to the mere idea of copyright as a concept. If the United States government is to enforce the idea of intellectual property that can be attributed and controlled by individuals or groups of individuals through corporations, LLCs, etc-- then the mere existence of procedural generated content in all forms is a threat to the foundation of this premise and a threat to all copyright holders in every class. It is no exaggeration that AI is impressive technology but it is also undeniable that every line of text, every pixel in an image, is an infringement on the rights of copyright holders. Most of the data taken for these generations are stolen works- word of mouth from individuals online, creations from small time and big time artists. Every Mona Lisa impersonation still is created through the lens of a human eye, and much like the monkey&#39;s photography cannot be copyrighted as it was created by the monkey, so too can AI never be protected as the mere idea, no matter how socially prevalent, still came from a copyright holder and true consent cannot be obtained by taking the content first and asking for permission later. The damage this will do to creatives cannot be overstated- a vast industry will vanish within a decade of time if given no guard rails. I recognize this is not the forum for such action as only Congress can give necessary regulation, but the buck must stop with the copyright office least we cripple the United States&#39; ability to compete globally with science and arts. If procedural generated images belong to anyone, then communally nothing belongs to anyone. The entirety of the United States copyright office may as well vanish overnight. We cannot allow this happen, we do not live in a utopia where this daydream can thrive, we live in a reality where artists require the control of their work to put food on the table, to raise families off of, and act as upstanding citizens of this country. Art may provide ideas which can be free, but art itself is not free, it is not without burden or costs, and it is not the mosaic paintbrush for a thoughtless computer to amalgamate a response to the fleeting fancy of hallow ideas. Prompts used for AI are nothing more than empty thoughts.