I have been an artist for the last ten years. AI has quickly become one of my most valuable tools. While there is potential for bad actors to misuse it, this is the case with every tool. I have gone to great lengths to ensure that my AI use does not infringe on others&#39; work. I have spent hours training a model on my own paintings, and hours more training individual embeddings on my own characters. I always seed the generation with a sketch so that the composition is my own original work. After generating, I always either paint over it or repaint it entirely. There is a certain misconception that users of AI generators are not artists and are just looking for an easy way to get free art. I can assure you, I am an artist, and while generative art may look like a click-of-a-button miracle, there is nothing easy about getting it to make exactly what you have envisioned. Please find attached an example of an AI generation that I made for a piece of fan art and the resulting piece. The final painting is clearly my own work. I could have made a similar piece without AI - but it would have taken me twice the time. Hindering, limiting, or restricting the use of AI is hindering the artists who have already adapted to incorporate this new technology into their workflows. Please keep AI tools as unrestricted as possible. <br/>There are those who will insist that AI is theft because it was trained on the work of others. However, AI does not combine others&#39; work into the final product. It merely notices patterns and tries its best to replicate those patterns when it sees them. This being said, even if AI did just combine thousands of other images, is collage not a valid art form? There was an uproar when photography was invented too - people saying that it wasn&#39;t &quot;real&quot; art because all you were doing was pushing a button - and now photography is considered its own category of art. <br/>Obviously measures should be taken to ensure that AI is not used to generate child pornography and other illegal content, however these things are already illegal. It does not necessarily matter how it is made. No special rules have to be made concerning AI. Even in the realm of copyright - AI cannot generate anything that could not hypothetically be made in Photoshop, and yet no one is talking about restricting Photoshop use. 