There is no benefit to content generated by Artificial Intelligence. It is generated illegally using an amalgamation of works that were not licensed, paid for, or even consensually added to their data sets and training models. This is exploitation and a violation of copyright at the largest feasible scale in current day, both of individual artists&#39; work and copyrighted material. It is a legal loophole that needs to be closed or copyright may become effectively useless.The art used to train these machines should be purged in their entirety and should be legally required to be opt-in only in perpetuity. Additionally, there should be mandatory succinct and responsive ways to contact the company and have them remove any content that is not opt-in or otherwise public domain. This applies to all AI-generated media - vocal imitation, image generation, facial/likeness imitation, and whatever follows next. AI-generated content should have no place being sold alongside human work and should be illegal to sell in the form of individual purchases or subscription services - as no one entity holds ownership over the content - and should be required to have a visible, irremovable watermark to denote it as such. Additionally, beyond impacting job fields, AI generation has the potential to be an unprecedented threat to national security by having the potential to spread misinformation, misattribute important statements, and potentially make video and photographic evidence unusable in a court of law. Scams, especially telecommunication based ones, will absolutely have an increased success rate with the ability to synthesize, generate, or otherwise display whatever AI-generated information suits their current malicious intent. I genuinely think this technology needs to be outlawed while there is still some ability to do so and the companies supporting and causing these issues should be punished swiftly and repeatedly for each offense committed. Businesses should not be allowed to use AI content for any commercial or promotional material under any circumstances. AI-generated content is putting real jobs and national security at risk and there does not seem to be much conversation aboutwhat should be considered an urgent and fast-approaching threat.