Thank you for taking comments on this. It could save livelihoods and thus lives. I am an author whose work is available online and easily could have been swept up in training database. I have no way of knowing whether it has been taken since these companies don&#39;t disclose where they get their training material from, knowing copyright should protect such material and open them up to lawsuits. I never want my personal work to be taken for any purpose other than reading it as it is. I have poured hundreds of hours of effort into the things I have shared, hoping to touch other people&#39;s lives. I firmly believe our current laws do and should protect copyrighted works from being stolen for algorithmic training, and that any AI databases should be required to prove that everything they were trained on is either outside of copyright protection or has been included with explicit permission. If copyright laws are somehow ruled to not protect against work being scraped and repackaged, then they protect nothing in our current technological era. Taking software written by someone else and repackaging it is a violation of copyright; taking the digital form of any copyrighted work and making it part of a program should be equally protected. The basis of every industry that deals in media, from movies to textbooks, relies on these materials being legally protected. There is no reason why our copyright laws shouldn&#39;t or couldn&#39;t protect works from being used in AI training without explicit permission from the rights holder. Currently, many of these AI companies allow users to feed in anything they want to train off of, which means even works that haven&#39;t been scraped are being broken down without consent or permission from the rights holders. These practices need to be explicitly codified as violating of copyright or they will continue; and as long as they continue, rights - legal and constitutional - are being violated. Thank you for your time and consideration in this important matter.