I&#39;m a professional TV writer and producer, and a rank and file member of the Writers Guild of America. I&#39;ve written on multiple hit television shows and have been nominated for an Emmy for my producing work. I&#39;ve been writing professionally for seventeen years, but I&#39;ve spent more than thirty years learning how to write, and becoming the writer I am today. As someone who might soon be in direct competition with AI and whose work might be used as training data for AI (if it hasn&#39;t been already), I am very concerned with copyright law and policy issues regarding AI systems. I applaud the Copyright Office for ruling in 2021 that artworks (of the kind I write) &quot;all require human authorship as a condition of copyrightability.&quot; But as this issue continues to be tested in courts and by regulatory bodies I believe the Office needs to affirm the ruling and put forth legislation that will prevent the ability to copyright works generated by humans who are using AI systems. Any work generated by an AI system should not be copyrightable because there is no difference between that work and a plagiarized work. When you get right down to it, AI writing is plagiarism. To understand why, the Office only needs to compare how AI systems learn to write (or illustrate, paint, compose poetry, etc.) from training data available on the internet, and how human artists learn to develop and hone their respective crafts. For that, I will draw from my own experience. I wrote my first screenplay when I was in college. It was a deeply autobiographical coming-of-age comedy-drama about the sexuality of a confused seventeen year old, who finds himself on trial in a surrealist fantasy courtroom. Like many first screenplays, it was informed by my worldview and the events of my life. As I was figuring out how to write, I started by &quot;writing what I knew.&quot; I also drew inspiration from some of my favorite absurdist comedies and courtroom dramas. Of course, this was only the beginning of my journey to become a writer. After that, I wrote more than a dozen movie scripts that I felt some sort of personal connection to, while continuing to draw inspiration from movies and TV shows I consumed regularly, and any screenplays I&#39;d managed to get my hands on. Eventually I began writing TV spec scripts where I would emulate the style and cadence of the TV show I was writing, while also adding a small personal element to the show that would blend with it while also being unmistakably me. In this manner I would learn the lessons of the great writers before me whose shoulders I stood upon, while continuing to develop and hone my own style. All of this was always filtered through the prism of my own life experience and growing world views. I continued on this path for more than a decade before I began writing professionally. And even then I&#39;d continue to learn and grow as an artist. I still do. I learned from other writers and artists before me, and drew inspiration from them, but they were never a dataset that I memorized and mimicked. My human brain doesn&#39;t have the ability to memorize verbatim and encode into neural networks the movies and TV shows that inspired me, rather my mind in a dreamlike subconscious state would interpret these works as I formed my own unique style. That is worlds different from feeding screenplays and teleplays into an AI system which has those abilities, and uses them to train and mash-up the works it absorbs, completely absent of any life experience or worldview of its own. For that reason it us unconscionable to permit AI systems to use existing TV and movie scripts scrubbed from the internet to compile datasets for training. This data is mined from artists like myself who have spent lifetimes developing our voices and styles, and using it for blatant mimicry that can be monetized by AI companies and the humans who pay for their use, with no compensation to the artists who created that data, should be illegal, plain and simple. At the very least the data should never be used without permission or payment to the human writers and artists who originated it, with their own blood, sweat, and lived experiences. AI is not a shortcut for writing, it is a condoned tool of plagiarism used by humans who haven&#39;t put in the work to become writers and artists. I urge the Office to not sit back and allow plagiarism to continue. It only devalues the work of real human writers and artists. Thank you for taking the time to read my comment.