AI as a technology has the potential to do great things but the majority of current models have been trained datasets that clearly violate copyright law. AI training needs to be done with the prior consent of creators whose work it scrapes, only including work already in the public domain or for which permission has been obtained in advance. It needs to provide compensation for creators whose work is used for training. It needs to credit creators for the work that has been absorbed into the datasets. It needs to be transparent about the sources of its data so that this can be verified. <br/><br/>The corporations that have submitted responses are aware that their AI models depend on theft for results. Without the inclusion of works still in copyright, their output would be crude and dated, without the functionality to mimic currrnt trends. Requirements for consent and credit would require labor they do not wish to spend. And compensation to creators would of course damage their income. They dance around the definitions of &quot;fair use&quot; and &quot;transformative&quot; to disguise their deep ethical violation and protect their profits. But it is the point of law to protect people from exactly this sort of robber baron mentality, to combat exploitation and ensure that individuals are treated fairly, not to protect the ill-gotten gains of corporations.<br/><br/>US copyright law and the Berne Conventions exist precisely to protect individual creators from exploitation of their labor, knowledge, and craft. The training of AI models without regard for creators is automated robbery of entire segments of the population that steals and mutilates their creations and then spews out plausibly-deniable imitations that damages the market for their original works. It is already negatively impacting creators&#39; income in numerous markets. And while the companies touting their GenAI capabilities do not want the burden of complying with copyright considerations, acting now will allow them to build ethically for the future, so that AI can indeed be a tool that serves humanity rather than corporate profit.