Many AI advocates try to justify the ingestion of billions of copyrighted works from creatives worldwide  without permission by likening AI&rsquo;s learning process to that of human, arguing that since artists have no problem with other humans learning from/ be inspired by their works (which is something perfectly legal for human to do so), therefore AI must be treated the same. I disagree with this opinion. First of all, AI is not human, and we certainly don&rsquo;t afford them the same rights as human, as evidenced by your office&rsquo;s stance on copyright and human authorship. AI also doesn&rsquo;t learn like human. When I look at an image, I&rsquo;m not making an exact copy of said image in my head, just like a human watching a film in theatre is not the same as a computer recording said film with camera. I also doubt any human ever learn to draw something by adding noises to images then try to work out what original images look like either. Human&rsquo;s art learning &amp; creation process is not simply statistical interpretation of already existing works, it&rsquo;s informed by life experience, by things they observe themselves in nature and in other people, by culture they grow up in, by emotions they experience and beliefs they hold, by connection to object and idea they&rsquo;re trying to depict. Things that are uniquely human and outside of AI&rsquo;s comprehension. Secondly, just because I&rsquo;m fine with my family members driving my car without having to ask my permission, it doesn&rsquo;t mean someone else can take my car for a ride and not expected to be reported to police as theft. I believe it&rsquo;s up to the owners of properties (in this case, intellectual properties), to decide how their properties are to be used or not be used, and who can use it. What the AI companies and users are saying, however, is that this property right should be disregarded and that they should be able to use other people&rsquo;s properties however they want.  Interestingly, many so called &ldquo;AI artists&rdquo; will state that their generated images can&rsquo;t be used without credit and permission and/or can&rsquo;t be used for training other AIs, all the while demanding the opposite from human artists. Companies training their AIs also put on their terms of service that others may not use their data for AI training without permission, and yet not seeking permission themselves when it&rsquo;s time for them to acquire training dataset. AI developers will tout how advance and sophisticated their model are, but truth is, without training datasets those AIs can generate nothing by themselves, and as such, are of little values. It&rsquo;s the billions of artworks, literatures, music etc. in their training datasets that create value. Companies like Midjourney and Stability AI make claims that their AIs help foster creativity and yet are unwilling to support the livelihood of those creatives whose works power their revenue. What the AI developers and users pushing for is instead 1) abolition of copyright protection for human artists&rsquo; works (i.e. input), but 2) copyright protection for their generated contents (i.e. output). The first point means they don&rsquo;t have to compensate other copyright owners for uses of their IPs, thereby cutting down cost, while the second point means AI users can monetize their generated contents, and AI developers can monetize service to use their model to generate contents, for profit. AI companies and users often boast how it takes mere seconds to generate multiple images and at very little monetary cost. This is possible only because billions of hours and extensive resources have already been spent by creators whose finished works are scraped without permission and compensation and ingested by generative AIs, which is then used to generate contents that compete directly against them by undercutting price and drowning them out. AI generated books already flood the markets, making it hard for unestablished authors to be noticed. A Sci-fi fiction magazine, Clarkesworld, had to close submission to new writers after receiving hundreds of AI-generated entries. Artists on platforms like Instagram, whose algorithm favors frequent submissions, are crowded out by AI accounts that submit multiple posts a day, wracking up hundreds of posts in less than a year. Freelancing platform and art communities are populated by AI users who, for $15, offer to generate multiple images to be used as book covers, illustration etc. AI companies like to claim that their models are just tool to help artists, what they omit to say is that the only valid artists in their mind are those paying to use their models. The rest? They are data source to be exploited.<br/>