Hello,<br/><br/>My name is Sierra. I am a human being who wants to pursue writing as a full-time career. Literary art has been a passion of mine for years. My mom wrote poetry and my dad wrote songs, and with that I&rsquo;ve been able to see first hand how the art of writing is so important and must be preserved under any means necessary, as does all art. A lot of people will talk about humanity and what it means to be human and what our purpose in life is, and my own philosophy is what&rsquo;s gotten me through the majority of my hardships- it&rsquo;s to always be interested in whatever you&rsquo;re doing. Humans, on a biological level, are learners; We are constantly feeding ourselves information from our surroundings in life, and the most profound way to do this is through art. Whether that be music, books, movies, paintings, video games, or anything that allows us to stimulate our minds and push us further past our limit. This function of our person has allowed great success in humanities development as a species, but it has also come at a great cost as well. Are we truly willing to continue pushing past our normal boundaries in the name of &ldquo;what ifs&rdquo;? What if AI could write our stories, or make our games, music, movies, or allow us to not need to create these things ourself? What if we were to simply enjoy them? We can see the cost of it today- people have lost interest in things quickly, and rather then garnering the satisfaction of creating something ourselves and cherishing that, we rely on others to give us the excitement we desire from an experience. We aren&rsquo;t meant to just indulge as humans, we&rsquo;re meant to give back as well. AI is something that can be used to truly help us in various different ways, but art should not be one of them. And to have our work stolen and reused by others for easy profit makes this reality that much more difficult for us to obtain. I truly hope that you consider what I&rsquo;ve said, and hope that you understand how damaging AI can become if precautions aren&rsquo;t taken to ensure we&rsquo;ve kept a healthy distance from it.