The use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to assist in the production of creative works or to create creative works ought to not be considered as its own creation allowing for the work to be copyrighted. The means in which AI is created and trained, relies on the intake of existing data to create a combination of said data producing something that seems to be &quot;unique&quot; (McFadden, 2023. https://interestingengineering.com/culture/what-is-ai-generated-art.). However, this relies heavily on the current, existing data that the machines can analyze. By providing only two forms of input, the AI generated creative works will look significantly similar to one another, as well as to the starting data. Increasing the amount of input will produce a significant number of outputs which will look much more different from one another; however, it is still relying on the input to dictate what to base its output on. AI is not capable of creating totally unique outputs, the AI systems are trained to consume large amounts of data and then produce something heavily influenced by the data it previously analyzed. There are many AI machines that can &quot;create&quot; artwork that is prompted by the user, often times allowing the user to select the &quot;style&quot; of artwork. In selecting the style in which to generate artwork in, it is analyzing the artwork of the selected artist and meshing that with other available artwork online. The bottom line is that the AI creative works being produced are not unique, created by the machine. Rather, it is a combination of existing creative works that the machine has been trained to mash together into a seemingly unique output, but the ownership credit ought to belong to the creators from which the creative work is influenced. <br/><br/>Likewise, movie studios have been utilizing AI to make sure cast members are in the film, who weren&#39;t at the actual shooting of the scenes. This begs the question of who ought to get paid if the studios can use the likeness of the actors to produce a movie where the human actor is only doing half the work. This work is not unique work solely credited to the machine. It is still a process where the machine takes the input, being the face of the human actor, and provides an output that could not exist without that specific input even if it is not identical to the output of a human actor doing the work. <br/><br/>Text generation AI machines are doing the same thing, take an amalgamation of texts accessible online, and construct a response to a prompt. This again is relying explicitly on the input of data which includes human work that is online. <br/><br/>The bottom line regarding the authorship of work produced by AI machines is that the work produced by AI could not exist without the input of previously existing human work that is accessible online. This means that works using AI to generate work ought to be specific when crediting the inspiration of the work. This would require a specific credit to another person if the work were explicitly created based off the work from a person, or if it is a general prompt such as &quot;write a movie script for a love story&quot; the credit ought to belong to the AI machine&#39;s owner. AI generating machines accessible to anyone with Google will produce work that is owned by the company which owns the machine, not providing copyright abilities to the consumer who typed their prompt.