I&#39;m an author, an illustrator, an art instructor, a Hollywood worker, and a union member (TAG Local 839). I have a number of concerns about the emergence of AI. One concern is how AI is polluting the global body of digital art and photography. It was already difficult to trust images you see online, but AI flooding search engines and social media is becoming a barrier to finding authentic, human-made art and photographs. As a creator, I am also concerned by the threat it poses to my professional work. It&#39;s not simply that the technology exists, it&#39;s that businesses that hire artists to supply art labor are now using the existence of AI as reason to hire fewer artists, and to pay artists less. As one example, Hollywood studios believe they can use AI to digitize performances and use that information to artificially create performances without the need for actors. This promises to have a devastating impact on operations in Hollywood. No actors on set means no need for makeup artists, caterers, crew. Losing jobs in the film industry will mean workers flooding into other industries to find work. AI has created a huge misunderstanding around the value of art and the way artists work. The existence of AI is telling businesses that creating art is as simple as pressing a button, that art can be made for free, and thus that artists have no value or that we should be treated like machines, just like AI. Paramount, as well, is the fact that AI relies on the theft of existing work. These models are being trained on the work of living artists, writers, voice actors, etc. without consent. Professional artists need a way to make a living. If our work is being stolen from under us, and corporations are earning profits from AI while paying artists nothing, then how are we supposed to live? I don&#39;t think the US economy can afford a vast and sudden reduction of art jobs. Lastly, I am very concerned about the environmental impact on the amount of energy being used by this technology. AI is not without tangible costs, both in server space and server output. It&#39;s especially heinous to me that this technology is wreaking havoc on industries AND contributing to climate change but adding absolutely no benefit to society that living, human artists don&#39;t already provide. If people want to make are, they have but to pick up a pencil or a brush. 