Copyright exists as a moat, and does regular and repetitive harm to the communal whole of humanity by slowing adoption of excellent ideas to allow their creator a timely and temporary profit.  This harm is justified by the gains it provides for individuals and their motivation to spend their finite human time create being presumed to outgrow the temporary harm to the public of a private ownership period.  In all cases, therefor, the gain to a clearly identified individual must outweigh the communal harm to the public domain and the justification must exist to repay the investment of finite human life and attention into generating the material.  The trend in intellectual property over the last century has followed the prior pattern in real property which tracks all the way back to enclosure of the commons: an ever increasing benefit to an individual rights holder, who might not even be the creator, while the public starves.  Allowing industrialized harvesting of intellectual property via generative tools is akin to the large scale industrial farming operations buying up the commons.  It will be a thousand times worse for the public domain.  As soon as it is allowed to copyright machine generated content, machine generated content will be scaled out in parallel and the race for mass copyrights will be on.  This is not desirable.  It will waste enormous amounts of resources in rent seeking, while also generating burdensome, litigious, chaos.  Chaos from which new rights holding corporations will emerge to play intellectual landlord in functional perpetuity.  Please, do not do this.  The only sane option is to force machine generated content into the public domain.  The genie is out of the bottle, and generative AI isn&rsquo;t going to cease to exist.  The correct regulatory response is to reserve such works for the public, not repeat the mistakes of the past.  Steamboat Willy&rsquo;s embarrassing evasion of the public domain should not be the defining feature of this office.  Insist non-sapient generated works be the exclusive property of the public domain.  Should a truly self-actualized, sapient, sentient, and free AI eventually emerge, we can then reconsider what it means to have non-human private property, but in the interim, do no harm to the public.  Do not allow generative algorithms to flood the copyright process, squatting on vast fields of available creative space, and clogging the various review processes for all creatives seeking to register their own works.  The public domain should preemptively hold all rights to works generated in this fashion.