To preface: I am a writer and artist preparing for a specialization in scientific communication.<br/>In regards to a question posed above via the Copyright site&#39;s submission form: &quot;32. Are there or should there be protections against an AI system generating outputs that imitate the artistic style of a human creator (such as an AI system producing visual works &ldquo;in the style of&rdquo; a specific artist)? Who should be eligible for such protection? What form should it take?&quot; I believe that there absolutely should be protection against this. For an AI to convert my artistic style into data and copy a creator&#39;s skill set is to replace years of work with a reproduction. When I am commissioned, I am paid in part for the skill and time and effort put towards achieving this level of competency. When I see fellow artists lose work such as book cover commissions to an AI, I wonder what kind of miserable future involves a world where more and more of our art, our pulse as a creative and living society, is replaced with thoughtless machine-generated stolen art. I do not consent to my art or writing ever being used to feed an AI image data. I never will. <br/>Unfortunately, it has already happened. <br/>I would to equate the feeling this invokes to witnessing a shambling, uncanny mirror of oneself out buying groceries with one&#39;s own money, while being fully aware that food will not be used to feed one&#39;s own family. AI art mimicking an artist without their consent is directly taking their autonomous choice of where to apply their marketable and hard-earned skill. I believe artists should need to opt-in for their art to be used to feed AI models. I believe AI art should be marked as AI generated, in order to avoid a world in which our professional creative landscape becomes a series of echoes feeding off each other unknowingly. I believe AI creator&#39;s and users alike are responsible for their actions should your decision provide rightful consequences. I consider the use of creative works (art, writing, etc.,) in AI as it is currently regulated to be theft on a massive scale. Please protect writers, artists, their works, and their livelihoods with your decision. I am hopeful that the regulations you decide on will carry forth the spirit of copyright law and what I believe to be the common sense of putting humans first.