The issue of copyright and AI generated work is indeed a complicated matter. AI generated work requires training on human material. The problem is that said training on human material has included countless copyrighted images and texts. Most of the creators of said images and texts did not explicitly given permission for them to be used to generate content. A creator can use several resources to find out whether or not their work has been used to train AI. The datasets that have been used for training AI were not assembled by hand from solely images that permission was given for to be used in order to train AI. As a result, artists have overall rejected AI generated art. AI generated content is part of the reason why Hollywood writers and actors are on strike. Studios want AI to be trained on what they do so the writers and actors can be replaced by AI, leading to many people at risk of losing not just their jobs but their careers. <br/><br/>So should AI generated content be protected by copyright? The answer is no. It&rsquo;s not original work or a creation of the mind. It only exists due to human made content being inputted into datasets with or without permission. It is often copyright infringement because of the lack of consent for how much human content is inputted without any kind of permissions or consent. Derivative human created works such as fan art and fan fiction arent protected by copyright in the same way as original works but they are still works of the mind created by people. <br/><br/>AI artwork and text does not have artistic integrity because it was made by machine. It lacks any originality or emotion no matter what it looks and/or sounds like. When you use ChatGPT to write for you, it takes a dataset consisting of the entire internet from its beginning to September 2021. And when as it writes more for you, it gets dull and boring, leading to addiction to it because it lacks imagination, emotion, and artistic integrity. Since AI generated content lacks imagination or emotion, that means that millions of people if not more in the future may become addicted it as they command software to make it for them. The more AI generates, the less satisfying it gets and the more damage for it rises, leading to a vicious cycle of addiction that can be extremely difficult to get out of because it is both interesting and dull at the same time.<br/><br/>The only art not made by humans that could ever eventually be considered worthy of being protected by copyright is art that is also made with living individuals with lives, emotions, desires, and reasons to create. Up to now, every piece of creative media was created for a reason, a purpose with emotions driving its creation. Generative AI lacks emotion because it is not true AI. It is complex programming with no thoughts of its own. People have tried to use AI to generate art to sell online and labeled themselves AI artists. Under copyright law, derivatives of original work don&rsquo;t violate copyright as long as they follow rules such as not being commercial. If we are considering AI art to be derivatives, then it has definitely violated copyright more times than anyone is aware.<br/><br/>AI art in particular has many similarities to scraping tickets, trading cards, and more. The only datasets that wouldn&rsquo;t violate copyright would be ones that use public domain content, copyright free content, and/or content that has been given consent for to be used. But even so, they still wouldn&rsquo;t deserve copyright protection as creativity is not present in AI generated content. It&rsquo;s clear that only human made content deserves copyright protection. AI art hurts business and workers alike. AI generated content can and has been used to scam people. If art is stifled in favor of AI art, the public backlash would be enormous and as time would go on, what makes true art special could start to fizzle out entirely. Centuries ago, only the elite could afford to have artwork created. With the internet, art is now so much easier to commission than ever before. AI art disrupts this and is unnecessary and holds no true love or value. All of us can be creative. We don&rsquo;t need AI generated content to make pop culture and beyond evolve.<br/><br/>To copyright protect AI generated content is to stretch the definition of copyright in a direction that sacrifices it&rsquo;s integrity and function. So many people have had their art train AI without consent that scientists from the University of Chicago and others responded by working together to create Glaze, a software designed to prevent AI from successfully training on people&rsquo;s images without permission. And if AI were to train on images owned by companies such as Disney, that would create a lot of legal problems for companies with AI generating software.<br/><br/>Creative people drive our culture. Protecting AI content through copyright would break that apart. AI generated content must never be protected by copyright.