Generative AI as it exists now relies on the massive theft of artwork without credit, consent, or compensation&mdash;a theft that has already been carried out. Its purpose is to replace human artists, depriving income from the very people upon whom it preyed. Permitting AI artwork from these models to be copyrighted would mean denying the validity of individual artists&#39; copyrights in order to allow art thieves to profit from their work; it privileges wealthy tech industry corporations at the expense of everyone else. It would be erroneous to classify these works as being made without human involvement, because their datasets rely entirely on artwork stolen from human creators. Claims that generative AI is &quot;creating new artwork&quot; is hucksterism, deceptive language employed by tech entrepreneurs to sell their product.<br/><br/>The most common argument I&#39;ve seen leveled against artists is that generative AI &quot;learns&quot; from the artwork of others, just like human artists do. This is a gross mischaracterization of the creative learning process in humans, simultaneously elevating a fiction to mask how present-day generative AI actually operates and dehumanizing artists and the art tradition humanity has practiced since prehistoric times. AI does not take into consideration the meaning of a work, the philosophies behind the artists whose work is being emulated, the imperfections that inevitably result even when human artists fully intend to replicate a work exactly. Even when a human artist engages in collage, an art medium that relies on using existing pieces of art, the message is frequently altered from its source materials&#39; original intent. The history of collage shows that it is very political, relying on subversion, irony, and other expressive tools to convey its message&mdash;an internal analysis that generative AI simply is not capable of. Art is, by definition, created by humans as a form of human expression. Allowing tech corporations to copyright AI-generated pictures is another step toward dehumanizing us as a species for the monetary profit of a relative handful of people not involved in the creative process. <br/><br/>We have already witnessed wealthy corporations like Disney using their power to alter copyright law in their favor. Now we&#39;re facing the prospect of wealthy tech corporations, having openly committed the largest art heist in human history, being rewarded for their crime. Will the U.S. Copyright Office defend the rights of individual creators, or will it yield to moneyed interests yet again?