 I am aware that industry-standard software like Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator have a number of tools that classify as AI - whether that be the subject selection tool or the color-pick brush. From my perspective, these examples of AI are just as the language describes, a tool, for me as an artist to use to reduce the complexity or the time consumption of my process. It is not additive - the Adobe Photoshop subject selection tool cannot create a product that creates competition for my intellectual property within the economic or cultural market. Nor does it scrape data from what I create to then be stored for an indefinite amount of time and then reconfigured in tandem with additional scraped data from a number of other external sources. Generative AI does both of these things. <br/>As a member of the College For Creative Studies AI Policy committee, we talked at length about how various artistic disciplines may use Artificial Intelligence in both educational and professional settings. In both regards, using these &ldquo;tools&rdquo; as I described earlier were regarded as something that could be taught and then explored by the artist to expand their personal capabilities, as well as explore the unique limits and exploits an artist could find that would become unique to them and their process - becoming a key specialty that may give them a leg up in the professional world. In black and white, it may sound like generative AI does much the same thing - however, there is a dramatic difference. Without the education on use and the proficiency that comes with it, nothing comes from AI tools like the subject selection tool or the mask-fill command that the artist does not directly intend. With generative AI, nothing created by the software can be executed as exactly intended - it will never rely on the artistic capabilities of the person. It relies on the mutilation and reiteration of copyrighted work that it has consumed en masse.<br/>In my conversations with the Institutional AI Policy Committee, multiple industry professionals across disciplines (ranging from Transportation Design to game asset development) have explicitly stated that while Artificial Intelligence may be incorporated into the backend development process for purposes of ideation or variation, that until issues of copyright are clarified, AI-generated solutions will not be used for final products. That they will continue to hire designers and artists who can contribute to their next copyrighted and patented license. However, if legal decisions are made that allow AI-generated images and models to be copyrighted as corporate IP, the required workforce would be dramatically reduced and the work would shift to &ldquo;prompt design,&rdquo;  something that would require far lower pay rates than that of an educated and experienced professional. I do not just want my work protected. I want the work and livelihoods of all those working in the creative sector, roughly 11 million based on the data collection done by Nesta. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, President Barack Obama&rsquo;s entire 8-year term created 11.3 million U.S. jobs, as they worked to re-develop the U.S. economy after the 2008 Recession. Allowing artificial - and I want to stress the term here, artificial - intelligence-created works to be protected under copyright law will at minimum jeopardize the equivalent of 8 years of economic recovery. As of 2023, WiseVoter.com reports that that is the entire population of the state of Ohio, the state of Georgia, North Carolina, or of Michigan. It is the combined population of Wyoming, Vermont, Alaska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Delaware, Rhode Island, Montana, Maine, New Hampshire, and Hawaii based on the data collected by WiseVoter and excluding the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. <br/>It is not just about protecting the artist and protecting the arts. It is about protecting culture. It is about protecting our economy, about raising rather than lowering our poverty line. It is about preserving and respecting the free market. If left unchecked, yes - my professional life will most likely become a living nightmare. My education and practice will be rendered pointless in the eyes of Capitalist America. I personally, as a young adult entering the workforce and currently pursuing higher education in the arts, want strict outlines regarding the integration of AI when it comes to copyright and protections against personal copyright infringement when work created by a human being is being scalped for training and regurgitation by a binary algorithm. But I also want the country I live in and plan to live in for the rest of my life to remain afloat in the global economy, and for the other people living here able to afford the lives promised to us in the Constitution. 