Good day. My name is Roberto I. Ortiz. I have been an artist since the early 80&#39;s in a vast range of art forms from paintings to sculptures and more. I am commenting on the upcoming ruling regarding copyright laws pertaining to AI (Artificial Intelligence) created art. In my opinion AI applications are nothing more than another tool in an artist&#39;s arsenal. The artist is the true brains behind anything being created by the AI. It is the brain of the artist that conceives the idea of the art to be created. It is his/her words in the prompt that bring that idea into being. The AI is therefore the tool used to bring that idea into being. Just as I use a pencil to draw a sketch, or modeling tools to bring shape to my clay, or a brush to put paint on my canvas, so  do I use the AI application to bring my imagination into being. The fact that AI is &#39;taught&#39; different art techniques by using the artwork of countless other artists doesn&#39;t come into play. The AI is being taught much the same way art students are taught in school by analyzing and studying the art styles of other artists, be they grand masters of the past or contemporary artists. We as artists are influenced by those studies. They become a part of our creative process. How then is this any different from the way AI is trained to produce art? Would I be required to give credit to any and all of the artists that have influenced my own creative style? If I create a painting of a beautiful woman or a can of soda, should I give credits to DaVinci or Warhol? Did they create what I put on canvas or did I?  The AI is just a tool. A digital machine with a vastly more advanced capability to remember all the art forms that were used to train it. It may have more capacity han a human being but it is still an artificial &#39;mind&#39;. AI is a moron. It is only as smart as the person who uses it. We live in a world where we depend highly on artificial intelligence to help us get through our daily lives. From thermostats to elevators to internet search engines and cellphones, all of these are artificial intelligences that help us perform the most menial of processes. Do we give them credit for anything we do? No.  I don&#39;t give my pencil credit for drawing my sketches. I don&#39;t give credit to my paintbrush either. So why then should I give credit to an AI which is just another tool to create my art? If we as artists tell the AI app to use another artist&#39;s style as reference for our creation, it is no different than opening an art book and using that artist&#39;s art to inspire me.<br/>In short, it is my humble opinion that the credit and copyright for any and all art created by using an AI tool should belong to the creating artist. It is our text prompts, created by our imaginations, that provide the AI applications the means to create. The AI can not create art on its own despite having a vast library of art to draw from as inspiration. It is a smart tool, nothing more. We give it purpose, we use it to create. We use it to bring our imagination to life. The copyrights, therefore, belong to us. No one else.<br/>Thank you.