Generative A.Is such as Midjourney and ChatGPT propose a great risk to multiple creative and scientific industries. Midjourney has shown itself to not regulate the kind of content entered into its generative A.I, meaning that the potential for copyrighted content being unlawfully reused in generated artworks is high. This A.I also puts creative industries at stake as it can easily generate artwork for a corporate purpose; artists who were once used for this artwork will likely lose their job, leaving them unemployed and potentially on the streets. The unemployment crisis is already severe enough; artwork-generating A.I is possibly the worst thing we can ask for given how many people are employed in &quot;artsy&quot; positions in various corporations. <br/><br/>ChatGPT has proven to be problematic for scientific communities as well. It can generate scientific, unsourced papers that can contain misinformation, which fuels the already raging fire of misinformative news on social media. It&#39;s flaws&mdash; while can be recognized by those who actively participate in scientific communities&mdash; cannot be easily recognized by the general public, which is the demographic these &quot;papers&quot; are aimed towards. This paired with a lack of credit towards sources ChatGPT uses can be incredibly problematic, in both copyright terms and misinformation terms. Plagiarism is a serious issue not taken lightly in the scientific community and ChatGPT essentially mocks that issue with how it writes its papers. The lack of sources can demotivate individuals from looking further into whatever the paper is discussing, which can be extremely problematic if there&#39;s incorrect information present. Over all, the utility of ChatGPT, I believe, is greatly outweighed by the problems it possesses and causes. It is a fountain of copyright infringement with how fervently it uses studies without acknowledgement in any form. If not regulated now, I can see serious lawsuits sprouting up later down the line. 