There are two general forms of &quot;AI&quot; that I am concerned about: generated art, such as pictures and writing, and &#39;Deepfakes&#39;, or AI trained to emulate an individual. The former is trained using pre-existing material, and typically is meant to emulate that style. Often they can be trained or specifically commanded to copy individual artists work within their dataset. The latter is meant to mimic the voice and appearance of a specific individual. This is incredibly dangerous for several reasons. From a corporate level, it devalues the work of an actor, and without precautions, can cause their likeness to be used against their will and uncredited. From a personal level, it can be used to create false and harmful narratives about individuals, which to people not able to determine what is and isn&#39;t deepfaked, could be seen as legal evidence of wrongdoing. Not only should both of these forms of AI not be considered for Intellectual Property, but the latter should be heavily scrutinized for its potential to undermine the criminal justice system, at least until consistent ways of identifying a deepfaked are fo up nd.<br/><br/>Ok be more thing to talk about is machine learning as a whole. Many forms of machine learning are used for predictive models, computational analysis, or generating test samples and media not derived from specific artistic content, but to instead provide information or presentation of concepts through specifically designed lens. YouTube channels such as b2studios and Answer in Progress use the creation AI as a form of content as opposed to an output meant to emulate a specific style or artistic likeness. Presentation style videos explicitly about exploring machine learning likely should not be restricted, as the intellectual property would be on the individual performance. Conversely, however, larger media companies using scans of individuals to deepfake an actor or extra for the purpose of using their likeness regardless of permission, or to avoid hiring artists when creating animated or clip content (such as the beginning of Marvel&#39;s Secret Invasion) should be more heavily scrutinized.