I represent a computer security research company working on the security of generative AI models, among other AI and machine learning techniques and systems. It is my personal and professional opinion that works created by any system that has been trained on the works of others, should not be copyrightable. This would however, leave open the possibility of AI systems that are not trained on the works of others to generate copyrightable materials. The crux of the issue is the training set that these models utilize. There is no way to ensure that a model trained on another work is not plagiarizing, copying styles, or otherwise infringing on the original producer&#39;s copyright. Furthermore, it is my personal and professional opinion that any system that has been trained on copyrighted materials should be expected to infringe those copyrights given enough time and a cleverly crafted prompt. This has been seen recently in large language models, where certain prompts bypass the built-in safeguards and can force the models to re-produce copyrighted content or even make slanderous statements. <br/><br/>Under no circumstances should algorithms be granted the same rights as human content creators. This does, however, become more unclear as humans work with AI systems to create works. Since there is no known way to prove that a piece of writing or a work of art are human or AI created, it must be assumed that if a human is presenting the work as their own, it must be assumed to be true. Therefore, any works in which a human has a hand in the creation of said work, should be copyrightable. Human creators are always gaining access to new and interesting tools that their predecessors did not have, <br/> and surely no one thinks that using a new tool should disqualify a work from being copyrighted. This is roughly analogous to artists switching from paint brush and canvas to digital creation tools like photoshop. This only holds true if a human has had an active hand in the creation of the work. I would argue that prompts and prompt engineering is absolutely not equivalent to a creator having an active hand in the creation of the work. Ergo a human would have to directly manipulate or edit the AI generated works for it to be copyrightable. 