It is imperative that the US copyright office does not register, works written or auditory, or visuals, combined and copied by artificial intelligence. The fact that artificial intelligence learns and takes from the work of others and constructs these derivative ideas from other people, or peoples work or should be considered illegal. The fact that there are people and organizations who want to define those works to be considered original, can only be an act of plagiarism. The US copyright office cannot except these writings as original works. Also, the use of images and the voices of talented people are unique, and belong to those people because they are original entities, and they are by the original creators of everything they are and everything they do. Written, visual, and audio works are protected by the US copyright office, and should be protected by the laws of humanity and decency. Humans should be defined as unique and what they create and produce should be defined as original to the individual. <br/>There will be instances where permission is given, and compensation is paid for an artists work to be duplicated or reimagined by artificial intelligence, but none of those definitions, parameters, or laws protecting those rights have been established. <br/><br/>We stand on a precipice of change, and a chance to create a level of equality that if AI can create from other peoples work, it can also recognize its own creation. Once the combination of one or many, artistic endeavors is identified having been used, it can also be monetized, and those who contributed could and should be compensated. Their efforts would be shared in the the form of &ldquo;co-ownership&rdquo; of any copyright registrations. We live in a time of great wealth disparity. If there are not rules protecting the rights of the contributing individuals, their written and visual works, concepts, their bodies, their faces, their voices, their talents, then the ever widening gap between the haves and the have nots will only grow greater. <br/><br/>The copyright office sits in a pinnacle position to create a participation of and an opportunity to equalize wealth disparity. AI exists, and the powers that be will try to control it. US copyright office is a powerful focal point that will allow people to be recognized and compensated. To become participatory in a co-ownership situation, this conversation has to happen. This conversation is just beginning and the laws to protect humans and ultimately the laws to protect artificial intelligence have not yet been written. The opportunity to keep the conversation equitable, rests firmly in the hands of the US copyright office. Your voice and your partnership with humanity will force this conversation to happen. You have the opportunity to protect all the people whose writing, voices, faces, art, and music are already being stolen from on a daily basis. <br/>EXAMPLE: The sampling that was done in the music industry, changed that industry. What it also did was give recognition to the underlying music creators. By using that sampling and creating an equitable Profit Participation it allowed the original creators to benefit. <br/><br/>I believe that AI is here to stay, the question is how do we protect and equalize what it can do taking the creative works and intellectual ideas that become the the inventions which will propel our society. Our human endeavor have a laid millenniums of creative foundational works for it to exist. <br/><br/>FACT: Without humans training AI using existing human ideas, and human ingenuity, artificial intelligence would have nothing to do.<br/><br/>REQUEST: I also wanna make it clear that it wasn&rsquo;t until last night that I heard, and received the link to come and share my concerns, thoughts, and feelings about the US copyright office&rsquo;s endeavors, and this action to outreach and listen to human voices that will  be considered in the decisions that you&rsquo;re making. My fear that, as in so many situations, lobbyist from big corporate organizations, are already spending huge amounts of money to bend the rights to control the AI and the situation in their favor. That fact is already evident. I would ask the US copyright office to make this site known to all people in all areas who will be affected by the decision you make. I know that those decisions will affect us all now, and in the future to have a continuing voice in this conversation. <br/><br/>This is just the beginning of a major change in our global society. If we build it right, I believe we can make a better world, but we need to honor, respect, and create equity for everyone involved. Please extend your outreach and time line. Give the opportunity for the word about your efforts to get out and people to respond. Thank you, Deborah Pratt.