The ability to create compelling works of art, no matter the medium, is a skill obtained through countless hours of practice and dedication. Artists develop their creative abilities and unique styles over years and decades, and many come to rely on these hard-earned skills to make a living. Generative AI strips these talented citizens of their legitimately created works and sets fire to their livelihoods. For millions of Americans employed in countless creative disciplines, from visual art and music production to writing and programming, copyright protection for their human-crafted works is of paramount importance to income security and the stable continuation of their lives. Allowing generative AI programs to continue committing the most widespread acts of plagiarism in human history poses a direct threat to every one of these American livelihoods. <br/>The existence of digital art protection and dataset &quot;poisoning&quot; tools, such as Glaze and Nightshade, are evidence of the concerns shared by digital artists and programmers alike, and proof that the &quot;opt-out&quot; policies generative AI corporations provide are nothing but intentionally ineffective bandages to help these companies save face. <br/>There has not been such a widespread threat to so many independent livelihoods since the industrial revolution, which shattered the jobs of countless skilled artisans and replaced them with unskilled, low-wage labor, fundamentally shifting the American economy. However, where the industrial revolution created exponential technological development, generative AI will instead allow already massive corporations to cut corners and stratify their wealth at the expense of the average American.<br/>I know several people, alongside myself, who are educated and skilled in these creative and technical fields. Already, within a blink of an eye from the conception of generative AI, they have struggled to find jobs for the skills they have developed over a lifetime, as a direct result of workforce cuts brought upon by advancements in AI. These are trained and educated professionals, and their predicament is unacceptable. <br/>Thank you.