From the NYT article &ldquo;Outsider Art; The Balm of Creativity&rdquo; published in 1996, &ldquo; It shows that artistic ability is a fundamental aspect of the human personality and that the expression of artistic impulses can bring meaning and happiness even to deeply disturbed and unhappy lives.&rdquo; Creativity and art is a part of the human experience and to undercut that with derivative machine learning is to mar the inherent joy and meaning that&rsquo;s found within art&rsquo;s creation. As someone who has pursued a writing career, I am obviously not searching for stability or wealth, but instead, I have devoted my days to breathing life into my ideas. Writing has saved me on my bad days and has uplifted me on my good ones. I cannot imagine a world in which I&rsquo;m not working on some new passion project whether it be a poem, script, or short story. To allow AI and it&rsquo;s built-in plagiarism to be considered worthy of an official stamp of approval by the government dilutes the act of artistic creation. AI is currently regurgitation and even if it surpasses its current standing and makes something wholly original, how can it be seen as being on the same level as what&rsquo;s created by someone with a soul and an understanding of the human condition? Writing is about better understanding ourselves, about sharing our ideas, our philosophies of what it means to be human. A machine can not do that. As we&rsquo;ve seen in the current Hollywood writers&rsquo; strike, AI is being sold as a shortcut, a way to undermine the hard work and inspiration of people in the hope that the machine&rsquo;s story-telling capability might put more butts in seats. We&rsquo;ve seen time and time again, how untrue that selling point is. We all want something original, something weird, something we can connect to, not something to falsify that feeling for us. Storytelling has always been a part of our culture, from cavemen to Coppola, and to regard the nonsensical and soulless musings of a machine at the same level as our best storytellers is to erode the sanctity of the art itself. 