I am an artist - I trained myself for more than a decade to get where I&#39;m at. I lived off of savings, scraped by far below the poverty line for years, and taught myself the skills I needed to succeed. The question of AI is one that affects me not just philosophically, but also economically. This is the reality for myself and many other artists, whose labor was used unjustly to train the AI which now threatens our livelihoods.<br/><br/>No real artist is against the idea of tools that utilize machine learning in their process. Many of us would welcome tools designed to assist and streamline aspects of our workflows. What is being presented by many AI firms, however, are not the tools we ask for or need. They are designed, from their outset, not to assist in the workflows of artists, but to replace artists, and they cannot function without being fed the work of countless artists without their permission and without compensation. AI firms know this, and their clients are eager for a world where they may either cut artists out of budgets so that they may pocket the wage as profits, or to leverage as a reason to pay artists less for the same work.<br/><br/>It is our creativity and labor which powers these machines. It is not just, ethical, or within the spirit of the law that our work should be harvested and used to enrich people who neither performed that labor themselves nor returned to us a share in the fruits of our work. They have consistently used loopholes, laundering of data from research, and the blind-spots and ambiguities in the law to skirt around fundamental questions so far.<br/><br/>Copyright exists to incentivize the creation of intellectual works. In a world where the generative products of AI are granted copyright, there will be no incentive to perform intellectual labor, as any intellectual labor will both be immediately ingested to be trained on, and then drowned out by the copycat generations that subsumed the work. Even if you could conceivably still bring your intellectual works to market, the value of that work will be extracted by people who performed none of the labor needed to produce it. For example, Adobe is using Stock Contributors&#39; works to train their Firefly tool. Firefly, and things made with it, are then sold so that customers do not buy from the Stock Contributors themselves. They have even gone so far as to make deals with other companies like Nvidia, selling the use of Firefly - and as such, the work of all of the artists whose labor powers Firefly, without whom Firefly would have no value - creating new markets for those Contributor&#39;s intellectual property without consent or consideration for those Contributors. The purpose is patently clear - it is not to enable the creative labor of people, but to cut those people out of the markets and pocket their rightful share. It is a tool for rent-seeking, not for creativity.<br/><br/>This is besides the fact that the use of generative AI itself does not even constitute an intellectual labor that would qualify for Copyright. People who use a generative AI are not involved in the actual production of the generated product - they are asking the machine to do the labor for them. No matter how complex the prompt, or how many revisions they make to the product with the generative AI tool, they are not creating the labor themselves. They are making none of the decisions that produce the final product. If they like what it produced, they are a satisfied customer, not a laborer. If you put the same prompt into two different machines, you would get wildly different results - which should dispel the notion that the prompter did any of the real work involved in the result. They are putting up the fences to which the labor should be conducted within, but not actually doing it themselves, no different than if they had asked a living human artist to create it for them instead. And because they did not do the labor themselves, they do not automatically gain Copyright over the finished work. <br/><br/>The reason why they might gain Copyright over a work from a human artist is because when a human artist makes something for a client, the client must give something back to the artist to receive transfer of rights for the work. With no human labor, there are no rights to transfer. They are only able to receive the rights because the work had rights capable of being transferred in the first place. An AI receives no rights to things it generate because a computer program can have no rights. Because it has no rights over the work, it has no ability to then transfer those rights to the client who asked it to create the work. Any belief otherwise is that somehow the rights are Terra Nullius, and that the client is staking claim to them purely through occupation because no one else is able to claim them. This is absurd - nowhere else do we allow the colonization of intellectual property rights as such.<br/><br/>Granting AI works Copyright is not consistent with the goals or norms of Copyright.