I am a high school history teacher who draws comics in my free time.  I am heartened to see read all the thoughtful ways that the Copyright office is approaching the issue of AI in the notice, and I agree with the overall direction thus far. I really agree with the idea that if an AI-generated image or content bears too much resemblance to an artist&#39;s work, that would be considered plagiarism.  In high school, I teach my students that copying another person&#39;s work without proper quotation and citation is plagiarism, and of course the issue would be further complicated if the plagiarised work then gets money or recognition that the original work didn&#39;t.  I think there is a place for fair use and transformative works, but my encounter of AI art is that it&#39;s derivative without being transformative.  The prompts and the curation of a creator should be copy-rightable, as is the work that goes into the training dataset. For example, if I put only my own work into the training dataset, and then I provide the prompt and subsequent curation, then the entire work should be copyrightable, but if I am using others&#39; copyrighted work in the training dataset in a way that&#39;s beyond fair use, then I need to, at the minimum, be licensing those works.  I recently encountered a specious artwork online -- an image of what was described as a chair made from recycled plastic, attributed to an artist, which, upon further investigation, was an image that the artist generated using Midjourney, and doesn&#39;t actually exist in real life (and no recycled plastic was used).  In that particular case, I think the proper description for that image should have specified that it&#39;s concept art and not real, and that the sources that Midjourney used to create that image should have been cited, as well.  I see a lot of image attribution online that just say &quot;Dall-E&quot; or &quot;Midjourney&quot;, and it feels akin to someone citating &quot;Google&quot; as their source.  Google is not a singular source, just as Midjourney is not a singular creator.  As someone who draws and self-publishes comics, I think there is a lot of creative effort that goes into the writing and layout of the comic, so someone who uses AI art to generate the art in each panel has put in creative work.  But just as someone who directly puts Google image search results into a panel should acknowledge that those images are not theirs, they should do the same for Midjourney.  On the other hand, if someone does creative, transformative labor on the source images (whether from Google or Midjourney), they should be able to get copyright.  <br/>Thank you so much for doing this important work!