AI does not create something from nothing. Humans do that. AI cannot produce anything from scratch. Humans do that. AI relies on PRE-TRAINED models and databases, its literal training wheels, to help put any body of work together. From an ethical point of view, AI&#39;s generation of any media using those models and databases has been wholly unethically sourced. The millions of artists and writers and voice actors who rely on the years honing their skill to generate income and content, have had their likeness and IP stolen and exploited without consent. It is by this reason alone, that AI from any standpoint, has no grounds to having its content, generated from these sources, protected in any manner or form.<br/><br/>The idea and spirit of copyright is to protect a person&#39;s ability and product to help them thrive in their business and other endeavors. It is designed to foster ideas by pushing the human limit of the imagination and innovation. This concept is not extendable to AI as AI is the antithesis of everything that the office of copyright was founded for. In order for markets to thrive, people must be able to protect their ideas and products. AI outright steals these and tries to re-package them as its own unique creation. It does not innovate and is incapable of doing so since it relies on content that is pre-made and stolen, and it is directed to do so by human thieves. By definition it is not a principle actor in its design or function nor does it have autonomy, so why is anything being generated using this tool even considered &quot;made&quot; or &quot;created&quot;? It should not be. By its own existence, AI and anything it generates is disqualified from having those same protections.<br/><br/>The people who use these tools to generate works argue that they are on par with those who have the actual skill and discipline to produce content. This is a fallacy and the crux of why AI generated works cannot be copyrighted or protected. To say that one &quot;made&quot; a work using AI, what does that look like? The people using these tools, for a better way of looking at it, are just giving orders and refining them. Telling an AI tool to &quot;Make me a heaven landscape in the style of De Vinci&quot; is not the same as taking a brush or pen tablet and actually making a work of art in the style of De Vinci. The users of AI have conflated the end product being the only thing that matters whereas the idea of copyright extends to even the origin of said products. Businesses still have to pay licensing and copyright fees for designs, which also include how those designs may be used. They asked someone to make it, it was their idea, but the image produced belongs to the artist, unless the business pays the artist a fee to buyout the license. In AI&#39;s case, the people who prompt the image generation should technically pay a licensing and a copyright fee. But the image generator itself is not person and, on top of that, cannot make anything unique or ubiquitous that is not stolen. By this process alone, the people who use AI image generators cannot protect anything that AI generates. They are not creators in the same sense. Furthermore by this definition they are infringing on the copyrights of those individuals and companies that their AI models were trained on.<br/><br/>AI and their users should not have protection for content they produce. It is stolen from others without any recompense or remorse and in the end does not serve in the public interest. What we have seen it do is upend public trust and create a cesspool of plagiarism of the widest magnitude. This devalues the human spirit of innovation and creation, the SAG-AFTRA strike serving as the current highlight of the situation. It creates a false sense of confidence and an unchecked hubris in ability, which will stifle the impetus to improve and explore the human condition.<br/><br/>I will end by imploring the committee to seriously consider this matter and not extend copyright protection to any content generated by AI.