Thank you for opening this matter up for comments.  As both a working professional artist and consumer of media and arts, I am rigorously informed on, and deeply opposed to, use of AI generated creative works in any professional or copyrighted setting.  AI data training requires the use of existing art, and currently no sufficient protections exist for the artists whose work is being stolen and utilized without their consent.  Proponents of AI generated media may see these artists as &quot;snobbish&quot; or &quot;gatekeeping art,&quot; but the reality is that our society is built on those who have cultivated skills offering those skills in exchange for reasonable compensation.  No capitalist system can sustain itself without the ability of those who create to make a living and support themselves off of their creations, and to push thoughtlessly forward without consideration for this fact will have disastrous effects on both the state of creative media as we know it, and the economy at large.  The current and upcoming generation of creative workers are notoriously over-educated and underpaid- this is no time to thoughtlessly drain countless job opportunities away from creative fields simply because a handful of careless employers wish to cut corners.  Creative jobs are not frivolous, they are not easy, and they are chronically under-compensated as it stands.  Creative workers are essential to any civilized, functioning society.  To side with AI without proper standards and protections is to side with tech monopolies against the very artists who have made every movie, every video game, every tv show, every music video, every commercial jingle, every iconic poster, photo or logo that has ever been seen and enjoyed until this moment in human history.  Allowing AI generated media to dominate film making, advertizing, and yes, even private art circles, will lead to a world in which only the independently wealthy or the irresponsibly brave and stubborn can even afford to actually make original artistic creations- because all avenues for would-be artists to pay their rent through creative labor will be eaten up by the easiest and fastest alternative. I, and artists the world over, implore those responsible to put forth policies that will protect jobs, protect artists, and protect clients from data-scraped forgeries.  The only acceptable AI generated works are those in which every single individual piece of data used for training purposes is knowingly and willingly released by the work&#39;s original creator(s) for this purpose.  Thank you very much once again for your consideration on this issue. 