To start with, I am an artist. While generative AI has been developed and used in other subjects besides art and image generation , AI generated art and other visual media is my primary topic regarding the new concerns presented to our society. Every conceivable generative AI software must be trained on art that already exists. Only humans can make art. However, despite every AI art program needing real, human artists to exist in order to make their AI functional, not only do artists never receive any compensation from these programs, but many of them are not even aware that their art has been used non-consensually to mimic their own style. It&#39;s unsettling, and dystopian from an artists perspective. Instead of investing time to learn artistic skills, these programmers have chosen to devote hours of their life coding a software that non-consensually uses art made by real people, who did invest time into learning a skill, and then generates art that is a twisted facsimile of what human art is. Often, it is also used with the justification that you don&#39;t even need to pay a real artist for their work when you can just generate it for free. There is a horrible irony in AI software being able to freely use the unseen hours of labor of artists, without even being required to pay any fee, or royalty, when generative AI literally requires the existence of real, genuine, human-made art in order to exist. And then, it goes on to be used with the express purpose of not paying an artist for their work, when their work is foundational to generative art&#39;s existence. Often times, the artist isn&#39;t even aware that their art is being used, for free, to avoid paying them. This is ethically dubious, to put it mildly. <br/>Additionally, photo and video generated by AI presents different, but equally concerning implications. As a young person, I often see AI generated video content in the form of memes. While Barack Obama rapping to an Ice Spice song may be funny at first, I think there is real cause for concern that politicians are often used in AI video, audio, or photo generation. With each generation, the AI learns and improves on how to more accurately mimic a certain person&#39;s voice, create convincing lighting, a specific person&#39;s facial features, etc. AI being used to spread misinformation and government propaganda has already happened, and if nothing is done about this, the problem will continue to worsen and potentially become widespread. News in the digital age is already rife with clickbait, misinformation, extremely biased reporting, and government propaganda. We, as a society, were woefully unprepared for the algorithm&#39;s favoritism for fake news, intentionally inflammatory material, and other such things. If AI generation progresses at the rate it has been, it will soon be impossible for many people to distinguish farce from reality. I believe that instituting regulations on AI is the only way forward, unless we want our timelines to be filled with art made by robots, and fake Joe Biden declaring war on this or that country, or whatever governments want to come up with in order to manufacture consent. I really hope anyone listens to this. 