Generative AI is designed to analyze traits and patterns in the work it is trained on and reproduce those patterns in the work it produces, including if based on a prompt. Inherently, this means that it borrows styles, ideas, and sometimes outright copied content from what it is trained on. With innocuous, non-copyrighted data, it is fine, but as recent cases have shown, generative AIs have been less than trustworthy when it comes to sensitive information or work done by individual humans, and often the training data is scraped from online users by scanning articles, public documents, websites, social media, image sites like Google Images, and more without their knowledge rather than requesting consent from those with copyrighted material. This makes it all too easy, as many have unfortunately discovered, to have art styles stolen or replicated, confidential information leaked, or sometimes even just plain misinformation regurgitated by an algorithm that cannot execute reasonable judgement on the works it is trained on. Furthermore, nothing new is being added by the AI, since it cannot make something more than what it has learned from, which makes it difficult to liken to a human who gains inspiration from copyrighted works and creates something new.<br/>I have seen increasingly in online spaces an intense dislike for how generative AI has been used lately. While I understand that this does not reflect everyone&#39;s thoughts in related industries, as I have seen some others studying and using generative AI positively, I believe it is important to protect the individuality of publicly available digital content, especially when it comes to copyrighted material that is explicitly labeled to not be available for duplication or replication. As a computer scientist, an artist, and a writer, I have found much fascination with generative AI in the past, viewing it as a union between many things I love. However, I valued it for its inspiration - the art or writing was never meant to replace human expression, just add to or inspire it. As generative AI becomes more common, it worries me that it could start picking up some of my own public-facing content that I put effort into making without my knowledge or consent, even if I take extensive steps to protect my work from such usage. I have seen some in the community fall victim to this kind of issue before, specifically artists - their art being accused of being AI generated due to a similar art style, or being able to copy someone else&#39;s style or work using a set of very specific prompts.<br/>I believe that allowing generative AI to train, manipulate, use, and store copyrighted material without the knowledge or consent of the owner is unethical at best and would violate the very terms set forth by copyright. Creators of any media and owners of any copyrighted work should reserve the right to be fully informed about how their content is used in any context and where it is displayed for certain audiences to see. Should they wish for their work to be of assistance in generative AI training, they should be able to opt in and submit works as they please; requiring only opt-out policies means that some people inevitably will miss this notice and accidentally &quot;consent&quot; to this usage even if they might oppose it. While large datasets using a wide variety are very valuable, especially in the case of public-use AI and other programs, I believe that people can still develop functional generative AIs on smaller datasets using, for example, several thousand images, even if they are not as accurate as a dataset involving millions. There are many crowd-sourced open datasets created through concentrated and completely consenting efforts by thousands of individuals, so there is no lack of effort in creating such types of datasets. In this scenario, I believe the consent of people regarding their work is more important than collecting large amounts of data as fast as possible, and we can still develop good AIs using non-copyrighted content and crowd-sourced material even if it is a slower process, just like we have with many technological advancements in the past.