Speaking mostly for generative image AI for the hard numbers, but arguments work in a similar way for text AIs:<br/><br/>For the copyright of training data people claim a lot of things that are technically easily disproven. Some claim that the AI would contain their images or violate their copyright. One easy way to disprove it is the file size. A typical image model (pruned fp16 stable diffusion) is 2 GB in size, the training data sets start at 10 TB, which is 500 more. To save the training images the AI would require a compression that is already theoretically impossible to achieve. So all claims of images just being saved in a database are wrong. A few single images can be extracted in bad quality as proof of concept, what only means that someone can find an image, but not the image they are searching for. Most artists will not be able to find any image of their works, as the proof of concept only works the other way round, proofing that becaue of inexact training some image (without control what) may be &quot;overfitted&quot;<br/>The whole process, as it can be watched in some of the AI programs, can rather be compared with paraidolia. One starts with random noise and the ai emphasizes step by step patterns it recognizes and makes them clearer until the result is a good image. The text prompt guides it to have associations in the wanted direction.<br/><br/>For copyright on the results there are two cases to consider:<br/>- One enters ONE prompt and takes the image. This may only be copyrightable if the prompt is nontrivial. &quot;A house&quot; certainly does not qualify, but a detailed desription to get the right image contains actual work. Also people need to generated hundreds of images and cherry pick the best one for good results.<br/>- Using modern AI with inpainting functionality and so on. Here the AI is clearly a tool and the user is the artist. People still start with finetuning a prompt and testing hundreds of generated images, but then they take them to the next step and mark parts of the image to be replaced, enter a different prompt, paint over parts of the image with graphics programs to guide the AI to refine them to show the right objects, and so on. Here, the AI is no less a tool than a graphics program, only that the brush doesn&#39;t paint a single color but whole image parts controlled by the user submitted prompt text. Again, here we are not speaking about one mask and one prompt, but tens to hundereds of tries with different prompts per image mask and when it looks good taking the result to paint yet another mask on it and refine another part to look like the artists vision and not like the first association the AI had. This should, of course, have a copyright.