I am an American artist living in Japan, I have draw and painted my whole life but began studying art as a passion during the covid lock downs. I would appreciate you considering my opinion when deciding on artificial intelligence and copyright. The major concern I have about AI is two-fold. First the current generative AI models use data that was unethically scraped and data-laundered from the internet. This is nothing shot of plagiarism. Until this issue is addressed and those datasets are destroyed we cannot even consider copyrighting or legitimizing AI generative art. Second, every brushstroke, every line that is put down by a human has intent behind it. Human intent. When AI creates it is not doing it with any intent, it is simply mimicking what it has digested. This is not art, no matter how pretty or interesting what it creates is, it is not art. When humans look at other people&#39;s work and then use it as inspiration they make art that contains flaws and mistakes based on the unique characteristics of the individual artist. The struggle of an artist to learn their craft hones these flaws into a style or individual way of creating something, a method. We can recognize artists by their style and by the method they use to create art, by the choices they make as a human. While it&#39;s true, we can often spot which AI was used by the look of it&#39;s mimicry, but this is not different than being able to tell what machine stamped out a piece of metal by examining its shape. We would not call that art, because it is not art. It&#39;s simply performing a function based on its design. It is soulless, and without ideas or intention. It&#39;s not making choices or solving problems it&#39;s simply mimicking the data that it&#39;s been trained on.  The value of humans studying and producing art, has impacted the lives of people all throughout history. When we look at ancient cultures usually the only things we have left from them is their art. When we find new lost cultures, it&#39;s usually art and crafts that we find. Most of the things we enjoy in our daily lives contain art created by people who make their living from their art. The very idea of art is human in nature. We cannot let AI or computers copyright what they create, nor can we allow people who commission &quot;art&quot; through AI or computers to copyright said &quot;art&quot;. If we allow AI art to be copyrighted, we will erode the basic foundation of human imagination and creativity. We will kill the professional artist, and every generation after will suffer for it. Thank you.