While AI may be a promising technology in many respects, it is much more &quot;A&quot; than &quot;I&quot; at this juncture, and that gets to the heart of its failings. AI is incapable of making value judgments like human beings can, it cannot understand context outside of its data set, it cannot even comprehend things it itself creates. This makes it fundamentally ill-suited to the means that it is now being used for: namely, the replacement of human beings in creative endeavors. In order to prevent a future where human art is destroyed in the service of short-sighted profit seeking, regulation is not only warranted, but necessary.<br/><br/>And let us be clear, that is in fact the purpose of advancing this technology in the form that it has been perpetuated. AI is principally being advanced as an alternative to human creativity, not a tool by which human creativity may be better explored. It is an instrument of those who balk at needing to pay artists, writers, musicians, performers and designers for their hard work, those who want all the benefits of art without the effort (and cost) involved in craftsmanship and artistry. It is the degeneration of human expression into the grist of &quot;content&quot; which can be farmed and subsumed into algorithmic formulae for the purposes of creating engagement, the destruction of creativity itself for the sake of satisfying the automated systems upon which the internet is currently monetized.<br/><br/>Aside from being offensive to high-minded notions of artistry and craft, this has had negative practical consequences as well. Already, search engines have been flooded with low-quality AI content that has made it increasingly difficult to locate reliable, useful information online. Once reliable tools like Google have been subsumed by a wave of AI generated articles and blog posts that spread lies and misinformation to an unwitting public- not because the author is malicious, but rather because the author cannot distinguish truth from falsehood, and has no qualms about simply making up information for the sake of satisfying the parameters of the prompt it has been given. This, in turn, has had the side effect of making AI worse and worse over time, as the utility of AI is based on the quality of its data sets, which degrade as they become polluted by other AI content. In effect, the more widespread the adoption of AI is, the worse AI will become for its intended purposes.<br/><br/>Nor is this an issue that can be simply resolved by adding humans in to &quot;edit&quot; AI generated content. Due to the risk of it introducing serious errors such as so-called &quot;hallucinatory data,&quot; all AI generated content needs to be heavily policed for factual errors that might easily go missed to the untrained and uninformed eye.  In many cases, the effort involved in fixing AI content to improve its quality is at least as strenuous as that involved in producing that content from scratch- however, it is also typically for much lower pay, which is part of the appeal of AI.<br/><br/>To remedy these issues, I believe three steps should be taken: first, the use of AI in the production of any work should always be prominently and transparently disclosed; second, AI should not be permitted to use copyrighted content without express permission of their creator/copyright holder; third, AI should not be permitted to expressly mimic the work of human artists, given the high risk of infringement upon the rights of the creators being mimicked; and finally, that while AI may not be wholly banned, it ought to be strongly regulated to prevent abuse and the devaluation of human creative endeavors, which is the principle means to which it has been used.