AI is going to be an incredibly important part of the future, it isn&#39;t going away. My strong desire is that text &amp; data mining for the purposes of AI research (commercial or otherwise) not be in violation of copyright because it is fair use, or failing that receiving a broad exemption, because requiring any copyright licencing for training data would mean that only wealthy corporations like Microsoft can make powerful models, leaving researchers &amp; open-source initiatives in the dust and engendering a natural monopoly. These models are not derivative works of their training dataset, and although they may not be copyrightable in themselves because they are machine produced, their output should not be treated differently than any other program for the purposes of determining alleged infringement of copyrights in the training data. Specifically, if your copyrighted material is in the training data, that should not be enough to sue for copyright violation. You should have to prove specifically that an individual instance (or multiple instances) of the works generated by the AI program actually violates your copyright in more than a de minimis way, and damages only accrue on the specific instances where infringement actually occurs, not on distribution or use of the model for non-infringing uses. If you make an image and an AI system exactly reproduces that image because it was in its training data (a problem called overfitting), that instance of producing an image should be copyright infringement, but the bar should not go lower than that. Styles are not copyrightable, and nor is the amorphous sense of knowledge about a work that would allow someone to use AI to remake their wedding photos in the &quot;sense&quot; of any given picture, even a copyrighted work.<br/><br/>I am not certain whether AI generated works should be copyrightable. I want to avoid a situation where a company with some compute and a tangible medium can just run prompts day in, day out and effectively copyright the entire idea space, leading to a situation potentially more dysfunctional than the current copyright landscape around music. At the same time, I believe the disclaiming system the USCO employs is fundamentally flawed. The prompts someone uses are fundamentally a positioning system within the latent space of the generative model, which makes the AI art program something like a camera that you can take to specific points in this artificial space in much the same way as you can take a camera to specific points in the real world and get broadly similar work product from that location. With some exceptions, the output of that camera still gives rise to copyright as long as it&#39;s operated by a human, and I believe if the &quot;spamming generation to create copyright on every conceivable image&quot; concern can be addressed, generative AI should be treated the same way. If someone takes out their mobile phone at a certain time every day and takes a photo without special regard to framing, any settings, basically just pressing the button, it&#39;s uncertain whether that would be copyrightable. I would argue there is enough human creativity there as there is for prompts, but I understand the counterarguments. But if you make a collage of those images into a broader work, no one disagrees that this is copyrightable, and the USCO does not require you to disclaim any of the smartphone photos which may not have the requisite human creativity, because that would be unworkable. Similarly, the USCO should not require individuals to disclaim their legal rights to parts of a copyrighted work merely because some of it may be judged not to have received enough human creative input. This idea would have us demanding photographers disclaim the natural objects in their photograph which they hold no copyright over, which would be an extreme and undue burden that benefits no one. This is not the same as a photographer not owning the copyright to a painting that appears in their photo, because no one owns the output of a generative AI system if not the person prompting. Moreover, this system of disclaiming becomes utterly unworkable with rapid technological developments in the field, like in-painting, outpainting, filters, subtle perspective shifts, the use of AI to highlight selections that the operator acts like the Select Object tool in Photoshop, etc. What do you disclaim in your photo where you have used AI to effect a subtle change in perspective, something that affects every pixel but is inarguably minor? If you take a camera and run Stable Diffusion on it with a pre-set prompt, walking around the real world while staying in the same position in the latent space, viewing the resulting transformed photo in the viewfinder and only capturing it if you want to capture that specific image, what do you disclaim? What is less copyrightable about that work than the output of any other camera?<br/><br/>Thank you for reading. Please consider these issues carefully.