Hello, my name is Tabitha Jones and I&#39;ve been a professional graphic artist since 2008. <br/>   In regards to the question of whether Ai generated art should be copyrightable and to whom that copyright should belong, it is my sincere belief that the human being who creates the text prompt, uses the inpainting tools or creates their own dataset model from their own original artworks, should hold all copyright to the generated images. The Stable Diffusion engine should be classified with other digital content creation software such as DazStudio, Poser, Blender, Bryce and Photoshop. The visual content created with these tools has always been the intellectual property right of the human being using the program, not the software company who created the program. It is a tool used to create a cohesive image exactly as the aforementioned programs do. It can only do so with the input of the human typing the text prompt, adding the artworks or photographs to a data collection training model, or inpainting within the program itself. <br/>   As to the concerns of what images have been used to train the base models used by the myriad of companies that use Stable Diffusion and other training models such as Dall-E, to my mind, this is no different than the methods that art schools through the ages and around the world have used to train the next generation of artists. We are taught to critique and pick apart the styles of Rembrandt, Picasso, Dali, Warhol, et al, to learn from their techniques and skills. <br/>   This is exactly how the Stable Diffusion model was trained. The only difference is that the scale at which the program can process the information is many times that of a human brain. Much like we use computers to calculate mathematics and the paths of the stars, the SD model takes the input from the human artist and calculates the most mathematically pleasing outcome based on the parameters that it has been trained for. <br/>   There is no sentience involved in the process. I believe that &quot;artificial intelligence&quot; as it is being used in this context is a misnomer. And it is this confusion of the definition of the capabilities of the programs that has caused the general public outcry of recent months. The cancel culture phenomenon has been well known in recent years to produce a hostile environment for any truly open lines of communication. It seems to have done so in this instance as well.<br/>   In conclusion, I hope that the Copyright Office, and lawmakers, can find a solution to the innumerable of disparate opinions to create a cohesive guideline that offers the best mediation of possible conflicts and a clear delineation of IP for all concerned artists on both sides of this issue.<br/>    Thank you for the opportunity to share my opinions in this matter.