I am in the process of writing a manuscript for a novel. The goal of profit is tertiary at best; there are far easier ways to make a living. In spite of this - or even because that - copyright is a safety net, a guarantee that the moral rights to a creative work belong to its creator.<br/><br/>There is nothing intrinsically unethical about AI. Language models are well-fit to text prediction on mobile keyboards, for example. It is the data source which is the problem. Theft of creative works, no matter how impersonal or at what scale, is theft - laundering of imaginative concepts in plot and prose which, being an amalgam of every work, is claimed by some to be a product of none. This is not true. <br/><br/>Some of my artist friends have seen that their artistic style has been copied - turned into a set of characters to type into a computer, depriving them of a living. I can quite possibly imagine a world in which theft of creative works continues en masse and used to sell many, many new amalgam works &ndash; a computer, after all, is far cheaper. I wonder how many potential artists, musicians, authors and writers would be disheartened by this lost opportunity, and how many great works would never see the light of day - after all, there is no living in it; all profit would go to those who can steal the most efficiently.<br/><br/>It is said that great artist steal. This is true, but it is not the whole truth: great artists share -  in ideas and inspirations, tropes and trends, forming a rich cultural tapestry. Even in parody, pastiche, adaptation or reimagining of an existing work, there is always a creative spark, the hand of the creator that transforms into a wholly distinct and new work. AI - in whatever contemporary form it takes - is an embedding of many creative works into a numerical space of weights and transformations. There is a creative and mathematical elegance in these algorithms &ndash; that is copyrightable. But to take a thousand works and use an existing algorithm to produce something new - there is no creative spark here. Only theft.