Artificial Intelligence (AI), particularly in the field of art and voiceover, has constantly been taking the artistic skills and vocal footprints of individuals and repurposing them without the consent of their originators. These components are manifested through the creative vision of human beings. As such, it is only common sense that the originator is afforded legal protections from any and all attempts to repurpose their creations in any way without the explicit consent of said originator.<br/><br/>Important to mention for the negative implications of AI in voiceover is the lack of work that voice actors are potentially facing, as those who praise AI in this field have already been uploading samples of voice actors&#39; speech patterns. This, in effect, trains AI programs to &quot;speak&quot; in the same mannerisms and cadences as real life human beings. Continued practices of this nature may embolden organizations to employ the use of these programs to save on their spending - rendering voice actors nearly obsolete. This is clearly unfair to the voice actors who were victims of having something unique and integral to who they are taken without their consent.<br/><br/>Regarding AI in the field of digital/traditional art, many artists have reported having their artwork used to produce AI-generated art. This is without their consent and is a clear trespass to the use of their creation. An individual who decides to produce an AI-generated work which uses the combined data consisting of art made by numerous individuals did not participate in the same stages of creation as did an artist. In fact, they did not create anything at all. They merely compiled files, used them to train an AI program, and typed in prompts to manifest what they would like to see. They are no where near in the same realm as a genuine artist. As such, they do not deserve copyright protections for the content produced by these kinds of programs.<br/><br/>In conclusion, art and voiceover involve the expression of human emotion. They are intimate and clear manifestations of ideas that a person wants to bring into this world and share with others. I urge you to provide protections for this kind of person - so that they can live off their skills they worked hard to develop and not have to be under constant worry that their livelihoods may be threatened. Thank you.