Any and all &quot;art&quot; produced by artificial intelligence (AI) cannot be made viable for copyright. The intent of copyright law, as I see it, is to protect the artistic creations (be they made by writing, drawing, painting, singing, acting, etc.) of human beings. AI is in no way a human being by any definition. AI does not retain sentience, nor does it feel or think in the same way that human beings do in the creation of art. AI is designed to randomly throw together pixels, words, pitches, or what have you together until it produces a &quot;right&quot; answer, an objectively fallible standard held by the user and the person(s) who created the AI. These products cannot be said to be of the user in any way, as all they have provided is a chunk of the raw material, the prompt for the AI, nor can they be said to be products of the creator, whose creative work is the AI itself. In much the same way a parent cannot claim the works of their child as under their copyright, one who programmed an AI cannot claim their works as copyright.<br/>Furthermore, many of these AI programs are constructed using the works of unknowing, non-consenting artists, whose words, likenesses, paintings, and other facets and creations one is entitled to under copyright law are being fed into a machine for the profit of others who have done none of the creative process themselves.<br/>Finally, it is concerning that AI is being considered for use in the entertainment industry. Many working Americans spend years honing their craft in writing, drawing, animation, acting, singing, and so on in order to strive for a chance to even participate in this multi-billion dollar industry, and with the rise of AI, it threatens their livelihoods. The working conditions of these people is already not great--they&#39;re on strike about it as I write this--and with AI threatening to take their jobs away from them, not because it is better, but because it is cheaper and easier to negotiate with a machine than a man, I cannot condone or encourage the use of such things. Were AI crafted in such a way that they were truly indistinguishable from human beings, a truly sci-fi thing to imagine, then I would hold a different tone. But the things we call AI are nothing more than facsimiles of skills people spend years honing in an attempt to make a quick buck. They have no skill nor effort at art put into them, and exist solely to prey upon the people who spend their lives dedicated to art.