I know there will be many comments repeating the points I am going to make but regardless, it is important I share my stance as well. AI-developed content intrinsically functions off of outside sources and data from various artists, voice actors, scripts and other various pieces of media. Most, if not all of which are under copyright protection of their own. Their assets are not to be reused without certification, and if they were taken and put elsewhere, it would be a massive issue, by extension, using them as building blocks to feed into a system should also be far beyond limits. In a society where &quot;competition is meant to breed innovation&quot; such as the many creative industries of our society, becoming heavily involved with systems that are just meant to simulate inspiration, without any true artistic purpose would destroy the backbone that the industries are founded upon. The further promotion of AI-developed content would also lead to a massive drought of jobs. Many animators, voice-over workers, character designers, so on and so forth would all struggle to get work at all when many industries could instead just get a robot to do basically the exact same job for free by feeding off of those exact workers&#39; data that the AI-developer would steal and reuse as data for the AI to replicate. American society, if not the society of the whole world would likely never really see new talent again, or at the very least, a drastic decrease in it; because why would a studio like Illumination, for example, get a new, up-and-coming star to voice a character when they could just use data from Chris Pratt&#39;s previous roles and put him as more characters for basically free for as long as the company stays around? Why hire writers to make the scripts for a movie when they can just feed it all their previous scripts, or scripts from other studios and have the robotics do the rest of the work for them? They wouldn&#39;t, if permitted. So many people would be put out of jobs, and so many more people would never have any reason to try to pursue their creative passions. That limiting of ability of the people would halt the freedom of the people to become the person they want to become. Sure, animating or doing voice-over work wouldn&#39;t be outlawed or anything of the sort, no, of course not, but the job opportunities would eventually become so niche and inconsistent that it might as well just not be a job option. These effects wouldn&#39;t be immediate, but the more ground given to AI-developed media in the landscape of our society, the more real that reality may become, and allowing people and studios to make money off of AI-developed media would be a massive step towards that grim, dreary version of our beautiful country. This is the sort of thing that needs to be nipped in the bud before it spirals out of control, and Pandora&#39;s Box is really opened with these AI developments. I&#39;m no artist myself, nor am I a voice actor or a scriptwriter or an animator, but I&#39;m simply someone in the world who loves appreciating real talent, real dedication to ones craft, and I don&#39;t wanna see an America, nor a world, in which that is snuffed out and replaced by replicas, with not even so much as a fraction of the profits gained from the end result going to the talent that made the great works that the AI would eventually feed off of. It&#39;s dreary, it&#39;s cruel, it&#39;s limiting. The furthering of AI-Developed media in our landscape is intrinsically and fundamentally a terrifyingly large antithesis to the thing we call the American Dream, and I greatly wish that you consider whatever it is that you can do to stop it, or at the very least, prevent it from being profitable.