I am a fine art photographer by profession. My career has spanned thirty years. What I can say about AI is that it is a revolution in terms of even straight forward photography. I now routinely use AI as part of my image making process wherein I take a photo that is based on a 20mp image sensor of great quality, and use AI to enlarge it to a 50mp RGB file in final form. In the interim stages, The file actually is enlarged 6X from its original size in linear dimensions (width and height), then downsized after advanced image processing to form the photograph to the final 50MP RGB (over 300 mp file size).<br/>AI is successful in decoding the Bayer Matrix without artifacts. It is successful in enlarging the photo to very large sizes without artifacts.<br/>The point is that AI is NOT just a method of creating an image from a text description of objects to form a composite image, We already use AI to form real images of real objects. If I go from a 20mp Bayer file size, to a final 300 mp image file, all that is in the middle is AI generated, yet it is MY photo and subject to normal copyright law---but it is still using AI heavily.<br/>On the dark side, I have noted a number of bots attempting to mine my website to take advantage of a lifetime of work. I can imagine they are after my image processing and artistic style. We do the best to protect my photos while still allow then to be see via the web, but it is rather futile as the technologists just work harder to get around the blocks. I have already seen companies doing what it has taken a lifetime for me to develop on my own. I dont know if it is a coincidence or a direct result of my own work being exploited. But it does give one a sick feeling. I did contact one company that was trying to scrape my website and suggested that my photos were protected under copyright law, and they wrote back saying that they had the RIGHT to scape my data, end of story. As an individual artist, I do not have the resources to go up against them legally, which would undoubtedly be a ten year court battle of extreme cost.<br/>So not everything is pretty about AI, but not everything is ugly. I use AI every day to amplify the power of my image-making.<br/>For example, I recently completed a photo that was shot back in 2003 on a prototype digital monochrome camera built by Kodak, the DCS 760m. I was the first photographer in the world to photograph with a digital monochrome camera, ten years before they became a commercial mainstream product. The image size of the those first cameras was limited to 6mp, which today seems like a toy camera. But thanks to AI, I was able to amplify the photo from 3Kx2K pixels, up to 18Kx12K pixels, do the work, then shrink it back down to a final image size of 6Kx4K pixels for final size---plenty enough to make a beautiful 15&quot; wide print. I was unable to finish this image as a portfolio image until now because I needed this level of technology to do so, and it is all powered by AI.<br/>I wish it was easier to figure out when AI crosses a line, but the fact is that we are already using it daily, in great depth in the course of normal photography.