I am a hobbyist electronic engineer/programmer/roboticist for 50 years, and here is my input.  I would like to remind the Govt that copyrights are intended to increase individual artistic participation and exploration, not to protect corporate rights.  i.e. A major change was made previously to increase protection to 50 years, a disservice to individual artistic expression.  that said, computer generated art should not be copyrighted.  it&#39;s not the user who generated the photo, but rather who guides its generation, it&#39;s the 100&#39;s or 1000&#39;s or millions of data-points gathered in the training/learning/comparison process(s).  some or many of which are gathered from external sources (private photo&#39;s, public photo&#39;s, artist voices, celebrity voices, faces, maps,  mathematical formula&#39;s, manufacturers data, colors, shapes, etc. all of which can be combined in various sequences/combinations to aid in the calculation and reproduction of the final product.  many of these may be without permission, hidden, and/or without giving credit to their part (large or small) in the development of the final product.  the programmer in many smaller programs, has the artistic capability to control the output, meaning its his own work.  in AI, he may control 90%, or .5%.  Only the program knows.  A large amoung of data, small amount of data, or very small amount of data, but the rest is mathematical calculations determining the end result of this externally gathered data.  Many of which the programmer doesn&#39;t even know because they&#39;ve been internally reproduced dozens or hundreds of times. External data of voices, colors, photo&#39;s, places, things which may or may not be his, and may likely not be under his specific control, or even reproducable to an exact degree and therefore, unless he can prove that he controlled each step of the billions of calculations, then the production can not be his, but maybe partially his.  what is the difference if another programmer puts in the same input and gets a similar result, is that his also?  or if the same programmer puts in the data and gets a completely different result, should that be his also?  I think this is no longer individual art when you no longer control the exact output.  Can i take a recorded voice and change it to mine keeping the dialect?  is it still mine?  or the person i recorded?  or a combination of many?  I believe it is art..but it cannot be owned by one person unless it can be shown that he controlled 100% of the development from beginning to end, including the mathematical computations, and they did not belong to anyone else from beginning to end.  otherwise, the copyright would be protecting the program itself, or the machines owner i.e. a corporation and therefore the possible misuse of others information (program snippets, colors, voices, or any other item added to its manufacture during the coding process, which can not be seen.  In the end, it&#39;s not the artwork of the artist, but artwork of millions of datapoints determined not solely by him, but by the many contributors of those prior to him, leading up to that end point.  Do they get credit as well?