Despite the name, Artificial Intelligence is not &#39;intelligent&#39; at all. It is not like the AI of scifi movies where a computer has been taught to think, reason, and act with internal free will. It does exactly what its creators designed it to do: study patterns then reproduce those patterns at command. But even that is giving AI too much credit; AI doesn&#39;t produce anything! AI programs are fed works made by humans, and after studying these works by the tens of thousands, they can spit out an approximation of what all these artists, writers, and creators might have thrown together if chucked into the world&#39;s largest office and told to cooperate. Only, they haven&#39;t. In fact, many of them don&#39;t even know that their works have been fed into these pattern-finding programs. Many of those who do know are fighting it tooth and nail. Because the fact is that by training the program on the work of these many creators, anything produced by an AI is a pastiche of stolen pieces from artists who have never agreed to it. Even if an AI should be fed only art by those who have given up all ownership and claim to their works, anything it created could and should not be copywrited in the way something created by a person might.  Anything an AI makes is the most careful, indistinguishable form of plagiarism created yet - a complete piece formed from other cannibalized pieces. Even if it never looks exactly like one of these original works, even if we can claim all creativity is simply an amalgamation of those works a person has influenced by, the fact remains that the AI program has created no NEW material. It has performed no act of creation, brilliance, problem-solving, satire, commentary, development, or betterment. It has no message to give the way a creator might place in their paint or their words. It creates and gives nothing, whilst in some cases taking everything from a wronged party. In this particular case, the end result is worth LESS than the sum of its parts. No copywrite for AI.