&quot;Artificial intelligence&quot; as the tech sector calls it at it&#39;s current state is not able to make self defining conscious decisions. Though if left unchecked and unregulated it could very much be the dark horse to replace human labor in the near future. Now is the time to make a stand against large corporations who want to up the bottom line and cut out jobs for the economy. <br/>Not only will this happen; AI is also unethical at its current state and is stealing content off artists, writers, voice actors, actors and directors&#39; backs. The whole entertainment sector is in danger of becoming the forefront of what large corporations want: replacing humans with machines to pump out mindless content without the human touch. What is art without the human emotion, logic and thinking behind each design decision whether it is writing scripts, painting concept art, editing VFX or the work from actors to bring a project to life? <br/>AI scraping and the current stealing of works from the past is a blatant middle finger to all the creators in all professions as the companies who are encouraging this behavior pretend to not see this behavior as troublesome as not only are they insulting the years it takes to become a professional in this field, they are also making the whole process and art form hollow. Do we want to live in a dystopian future where we rely on computers and tech to express human feelings and emotions through generated paintings, books, scripts, actor imagery and voices? I don&#39;t want to live in that type of world- even though we are criminally underpaid, artists still do love the craft and process with the projects they create. Restricting what AI can scrape and enacting a strict copyright policy for what AI regurgitates can do a lot to stop companies from cutting out multiple professions and bring some respect and knowledge to the general public about the life of artists. If we do not watch and regulate closely, pretty soon lawyers, data engineers, programmers, coders, even some teachers will all be replaced by a machine-artists are just the first wave to confront this.