The purpose of copyright is to prevent the loss of collective value when a reproduction tool is used to profit from works that the manufacturer did not create. Owning a printing press does not entitle you to profits printing a book you did not write, even if you laid the type to make the copy. <br/>Digital reproduction and derivative manipulation are rebalancing the equation of ownership, promotion, excerption, aggregation, curation, and monetization and may have temporarily increased free access to information, but also consolidated extraction of profits towards the aggregators, to the detriment of creators and consumers. Market conditions change. Demand for return on investment increases. Gatekeepers will simultaneously try to reduce payments to creators while also constraining access and increasing prices. <br/>AI/ML offers useful new capabilities, but clearly drives toward a conclusion where the owners of models and computer infrastructure will try to collect rents from creators and consumers, eliminating the attribution of works and intermediating consumer demand. The AI platforms expect a situation where they can abdicate responsibility to &quot;unknowable algorithms&quot; when liability or duty might intrude while claiming authorship and ownership where value is created. <br/>If AI model creation, AI compute hosting, or AI product generation is held to create intellectual property, then all contributions of data to the training and correction of these models should be directly compensated. Everyone in our society participates in the creation, distribution, curation, correction, and patronage of human knowledge. This general pool of human knowledge is the training data for AI models. It is fair that the entire public recieve ownership in the created models and dividends paid on their use.<br/>While a significant amount of focus goes into the training data and whether it has an enforcable copyright, the AI models have many more authors, including those who classify the training data and even the customers who consume the models and provide postive or negative feedback that will inevitably be used to manipulate the model&#39;s future performance. <br/>If a statistical aggregation and mathematical reduction of human knowledge and creativity is valuable and worthy of protection, then the providers of that knowledge are entitled to rich and full renumeration for their contribution: if an AI model is copyrightable, or can produce copyrightable output, then a significant share of the revenues from those protections are due to the individuals and societies that created the foundational works. <br/>Alternatively, if the inputs to the AI models are not considered valuable, then it is the obligation of the producers, operators, and users of AI models to freely publish the training data, classification schema, and feedback metrics used in creating those models.<br/>The builders and operators of these AI systems have argued that the use of input works is insignificant (&quot;like the act of reading a book&quot;) or that the amount paid to creators would be minimal (&quot;any fair royalty due would be incredibly small&quot;) and yet they are investing enormous sums in expectation of immense profits.<br/>These arguments are no different from those made by an unlicensed movie duplicator. It only takes her a few minutes to read the bits from a new Paramount DVD, no different than watching the movie! And the amount of money that she could &quot;fairly&quot; pay as royalty wouldn&#39;t be worth much to the copyright holder because ersatz DVDs must be sold cheap. The movie duplicator is a criminal and most AI is built on the same assumptions, predicated on the belief that its investors are too big to be effectively held to account.<br/>We have effective models for assigning and contstraining the intellectual property rights created by derivative works and inventions. Certainly a balance can be established which creates reasonable incentives for producing and operating new tools, also assigning responsibility for compensating those who created the foundation those tools rest on and while providing opportunity for future success for those whose occupations are damaged by those tools. In the context of responsibility and social contribution, protections can be offered to the creators, operators, and users of those new tools. If, instead, they wish to claim-jump then strip mine the intellectual wealth of our society, hoping to leave town with the profits before they get poisoned by the polluted groundwater? Well, then there should be no protections.<br/>The copyright system in this country serves as a check on the ability of technology and investment to impoverish thinkers, creators, artists, and educators. Novel AI systems are fascinating and useful and promising, but their economic responsibilities and liabilities are not new. Mutual benefit is wealth, but taking value without permission and compensation is theft.<br/>