As a visual artist and writer, I oppose every aspect of AI content creation, and believe it inevitably infringes on my INHERENT copyright as the originator of creative works. Moreover, I believe that the use of AI in creative fields violates inherent rights to privacy, particularly for actors and others in performing arts.<br/><br/>All human art derives from and through the human body. Art cannot be created without embodied experience of the world. We hold inherent copyright as the originator of a work due to the fact that we have created it through our own physical and psychological labor--through our literal work. How can AI, which is not a legal person, hold copyright? How can what they produce be considered work? How can what they do ever exhibit the embodiedness that lies at the heart of human art--that makes what artists in all fields do so valuable to the health, happiness, and continuation of the rest of humanity?<br/><br/>The US government, along with most other governments in the world, has defined human creative works as IMPORTANT to the welfare of human society. So important, in fact, that there are entire bodies of state, federal, and international law that protect those who make art, and the art they make, so that human art-making can continue to happen even when not financially advantageous to corporations. If we, as artists, are NOT important to humanity--why protect our specific rights as creators from predaceous financial interests? AI is a tool for predaceous corporate interests--it cannot create original HUMAN artwork. It cannot create artwork that comes from and through the human body. It cannot create artwork that embodies human experience and interests--and thus is cannot, and will not ever, be able to create artwork that BENEFITS humanity. It is inherently predaceous and destructive to individuals and society, while providing short-term financial benefit to corporations who do not and have not traditionally operated in the broader interests of our society, our government, and our country.<br/><br/>AI does not WORK, in the human sense. AI does not perform LABOR. Human beings may be able to use AI as a tool--but in doing so they are violating the inherent copyrights and privacy rights of other artists. Not one AI scraping protocol has been performed, so far, that has not relied on explicit violations of both copyright and rights to privacy--insisting that users agree to a violation of their rights in order to use a service they&#39;re already using is NOT the same thing as a willing surrender of a right. While I&#39;m sure there are legal questions that require settlement in our courts about how AI have been trained and what the corporations behind them might have done (legally or illegally, but certainly unethically) in that training process--right now we can be certain that AI has been trained via copyright and privacy violations.<br/><br/>I believe there is a need for our legal system to &quot;catch up&quot;. Until both our legal code and our case law have dealt with these core concerns about the use of AI, it would be both prudent and within the scope of the duties and history of the US Copyright Office to be protective toward individuals in these questions.