Good evening. I am a hobbyist programmer and professional artist who has worked for around 6 years.<br/><br/>My position on AI in regards to patents, copyright, and general financial gain is a mixed one. I have used the Diffusion model (popularly known as Stable Difussion) for recreational work, as well as the proprietary generative pre-trained transformer model (GPT/popularly Chat-GPT) as well as other text models recreationally as well. I have familiarized myself with both as I believe the best way to approach new technologies and learn is to simply use them.<br/><br/>While I enjoy this new generation of AI and its capabilities, I do not believe that the current models can exist for financial benefits and copyright without the most hawkish of approaches in making sure that these are not just violating already existing copyright via the data used for training, but to make sure that these are not also not setting nasty precedence for how we approach data online. Material produced from AI, whether text, images, or sound, is currently all reliant on data submitted into the algorithm to parse and &quot;develop&quot; from said data. Currently, thanks to the relatively quick rollout of these algorithms, most models that people use and train are using information and data, which has majority been authorized for use by the original publisher. This is not problematic in itself; plenty of data gets re-used in online areas, whether it be reposting images, repackaging them as memes or for videos, and a lot of this is done without the original authors say so. Some would probably say the internet runs on an &quot;ask for forgiveness, not permission&quot; standard. But the key difference is that most of these repackagings do not compete directly or claim to be the source of said material and are simply for recreational purposes or used sparingly. They do not also file for copyright or patents in most typical cases, and I would imagine if they do they would be denied.<br/><br/>AI generations from data that already exist, looking at it through the lens of repackaging, often directly competes with those it takes said data from and is often used for the sake of financial gain. It also does not use one&#39;s data sparingly, as it cannot function with minimal data sets. This doesn&#39;t mean necessarily it could not be done with current models correctly; An AI user could create their own model (without using an already existing one, a LoRA, or a Dreambooth) using data from people they have hired to create the data for or whose data they already own copyright for. They could train this entire model to their own already owned repository of data. I would say this doesn&#39;t have a conflict I could argue against on a technical level else than maybe an argument over the underlying technology itself (Diffusion, GPT). But again, this could only work under hawkish standards; You cannot copyright or patent AI-produced work off a model without proving that said data is and only is yours, that you own this data, and that there is no other data inside said copyright. I do believe this standard could be achieved; however, since most models are replicable, if said person seeking copyright submits a piece, they can give you the base generations, the keywords, and the model itself and let you run it through your own system to see what is produced.<br/><br/>I would also make a bit of a moral and appeal for the future of technologies in AI. Current diffusion models are far from perfect, current GPT, text, and sound models are also far from perfect. The idea of AI is not really AI in the way most would imagine it. It is solely reliant on data, and people are already running into the issue of generative limitations due to the limited data available. If these current models become permissible for financial gain it will most certainly stagnate the growth of these models as models not as reliant on data currently show to be way less applicable at this moment. We also need more time, as a culture, to get accustomed to AI, current models or not. These should not fall so quickly into the financial environment as it disincentivizes the usage of what I&#39;d argue makes us human; our creativity and ingenuity born from our experiences, whether an artist, programmer, or writer. I believe even if AI were to be fully adopted, these people would always come out on top, being the best to use these tools. However, I do not think setting a standard for using inferior tools would be good for anyone, even those seeking copyright and financial gain. <br/><br/>In summary, I personally cannot see current AI being allowed for copyright, patents, or financial gain without a hawkish implementation over the algorithms and the models they use. If someone uses AI to generate copyrightable work, every piece of data must belong to said person as these models currently directly use the data to work. Any less stringency would set a terrible precedence for the future of data online, and certainly violate others copyrights.<br/><br/>