Hello, <br/>I am a writer with the Writers&#39; Guild of America, West. We are currently on strike to advocate for better wages, but also to fight against the un-regulated usage of AI in film/television and media. There are so many reasons why letting art be controlled by Artificial intelligence - let alone Artificial intelligence run by big corporations - is a danger to humankind. Firstly, AI can (and will!) replace human jobs, robbing us of our livelihoods. Secondly, AI replicates the biases of the coders who create it -- and, unregulated, could mean our worst human impulses will be promulgated in the most insidious of ways. But what really scares me - and it should scare you too - is that art (and storytelling in particular) is an innately human creation. Through art, we speak of the human experience. Art has allowed voices from centuries ago to live beyond their years, telling us of their lives, their times, their loves, their worries. Art preserves history, art gives us perspective, art defines cultures. Art defines generations, art defines people. If we take art away from people and put it in the hands of a faked intelligence created for the sole purpose of economic advancement, we will be ruining the generations to come. It will be disastrous - there is no other way to put it. Art must be protected -- alongside our jobs, our livelihoods, our artistry, and honestly, our safety. Because AI threatens all of that. When the 3 fathers of AI, the very people who helped create the technology we are now discussing, advocate to STOP all development of Artificial intelligence so governments can regulate its usage -- we know we have to listen. Danger is looming, and I&#39;m not just saying that because I am a writer prone to dramatization. Technology is moving so fast, governments are failing to catch up. But it is a responsibility we must take on not just for those of us who are alive now, but for generations to come. AI must be regulated very strictly - and Copyright law is the lifeblood to protecting the people from this technology. Our jobs, and our futures depend on it. 