Question 1. A.I. is in a middleground state between what we think of as A.I., and a simple tool. Modern A.I. is used to mass produce content, and can be used by individuals or corporations to produce tremendous amounts of content. Some people use it to generate tremendous amounts of writing, or art piece, or other &quot;creative&quot;/&quot;artistic&quot; content, to then copyright and sell. This allows them to copyright a tremendous amount of content in a very short time.<br/>As it is right now, A.I. does not actually take much, if any, creative input from users. It uses an algorithm to extrapolate patterns from a collection of data, and generated something &quot;new&quot; from those patterns. It will never create something original and does not take input from a user to create anything that isn&#39;t an algorithm based blend of the input materials.<br/>Question 2: The scope of this should take into account that what we are referring to as A I. Is not actually A.I. It is not even true machine learning. It is simply a generative algorithm that pumps out variations and blends of content based on an input set and does not actually learn. It does not get feedback. It just produces as much content as it possibly can based on the input set. This &quot;Generative A.I.&quot; should be the extent of the scope, as true machine learning, actual  artificial intelligence, has yet to be established and created.<br/>Question 3: &quot;A.I.&quot; is used to generate massive amounts of content. If this content is copyright protected, corporations will use this to mass copyright material and leave nothing for individuals, such that anything an individual makes will be similar to something a corporation owns, making it able to be taken down via DMCA strike or something similar because individuals will not be able to protect themselves in court against such corporations and large organizations. It will grant corporations the means through mass copyright claim to control any and all creative content put onto the internet. Copyright should be applied in that productions of generative A.I. cannot be copyrighted and owned such that future productions of individuals may infringe upon them, and can be in violation of the copyright owned by another individual so that individuals can protest when an A.I. produced work is used to duplicate their likeness or their own works.