The Constitution states that the function of patents, copyrights, and trademarks is &quot;to promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.&quot; For three reasons, this should not apply to AI-generated works. First, &quot;AI&quot; is nothing of the sort; it does not think in any meaningful sense, merely rearrange the data fed into it in statistically likely ways. It does not look at existing works and get inspired to make its own contribution; it rearranges elements of them to produce inherently derivative works. Second, all works are the products of choices made by people. Whether an individually authored novel or painting, or a film produced by a crew of hundreds, artworks are always the product of countless choices, big and small, made by people. But the person who tells an AI to generate an image is not making those choices; they are contributing no more than the person who commissions an artist to create a particular image--and it is still the artist who holds the copyright, not the commissioner, unless they have a contract transferring that copyright, which again acknowledges that it by default belongs to the artist. But the AI is not the one making those choices either--it is taking the choices made by the artists of the work in its database, with no thought of its own because it is incapable of thought. Neither the person using the AI nor the AI itself is the rightful holder of the copyright of the resulting image--as a derivative work of all the images in the AI&#39;s database, it should rightly be considered uncopyrightable. The same holds for texts, films, or any other work that might be generated by an AI.<br/><br/>Finally, there is that first phrase: &quot;to promote the progress of [the] arts&quot;. Remember again that AI can only rearrange what already exists; it cannot create anything truly new. But it is cheaper by far for publishers, studios, and other distributors of works to pay for AI generated works than to pay a living wage to artists and authors, and will grow cheaper still as technology advances. If such works are copyrightable, it will cease to be difficult to make a living as an artist of any type; it will become impossible. And as so-called AI can generate nothing truly new, that will necessary slow progress in the arts to a crawl. Imagine a world in which Mozart had to work at McDonald&#39;s 60 hours a week in order to make rent, and could only compose with the little time and energy that remained; that is the world that the proponents of &quot;AI art&quot; are proposing we create, a world of statistically-generated reshufflings of existing work in which virtually nothing genuinely groundbreaking can be created. Please, please rule that AI-generated works cannot be copyrighted.