The purpose of copyright is to protect the original creator from having their works used by others without their consent. In the short time Artificial Intelligence (AI) has been used, we have seen unlicensed and un-consensual use of works (images, videos, audios etc.) to create derivatives that have devalued the original works and financially hurt the original creator due to loss of sales and clients. AI has also harmed the models in the works by placing them in situations and contexts they would never have agreed to. When someone&#39;s likeness -- their voice, their face -- can be generated by an AI that scraped the creator&#39;s works, how can anyone say that the original person should not be credited, financially compensated, and most importantly, have a say in whether they wanted to be used in such a way in the first place. The current state of AI does not give the original creator any power or rights. It has taken and now the takers have determined how they choose to license, financially compensate the original creators (if they even wish to do so); sometimes, paying a paltry sum to what would have been paid if the creator had been able to set their terms and put their price by themselves. <br/><br/>It is important to remember the current state of AI generation is unregulated and harmful to not only creators, but to the wider society. The datasets that enable the generation of material is made up of scraped (stolen, unlicensed) works. It includes photos, voices, and videos of every day individuals who published their every day lives online without knowing one day someone would hijack their posts and use them in ways they would never have imagined or condoned. The current AI generators have taken people&#39;s vulnerable moments, their most traumatic or happiest moments and commercialized them with total disregard to the well being and well fare of those in the stolen works. Issuing copyright to AI generated works legitimizes theft. It legitimizes abuse.  <br/><br/>AI generated works cannot and should not be copyrighted. Giving copyright to such works goes against the purpose of copyright: to protect the original creator. If AI generated works are copyrighted, then the purpose of copyright ceases to exist, because anyone can pass a source material through the AI generator, then claim the derivative work as their own. There would be no royalties paid. No workers hired. No actual creation done; only mimicry of what has already been done. I hope the U.S. Copyright Office takes in the totality of the situation when reaching their conclusion. The decision of the U.S. copyright office will not only affect the lives of US citizens and those who reside in her borders, but it will affect the lives of creators and ordinary people globally. It will determine if people can create and publish works knowing they will retain their rights and dignity, or if a tiny few can hijack and commercialize works in their self-centered interests. 