In response to question number 18 (regarding the copyrightability of AI-generated outputs, and the attribution of authorship to the human user): The current position of the Copyright Office is wholly incoherent. Suppose a musician makes a new recording of a classic (public domain) work of music. Further suppose that the musician makes every effort to ensure that the recording is as historically accurate as possible, perhaps for use in an academic study, or perhaps simply as a stylistic choice. The artist intentionally selects an instrument from the appropriate time period, tunes it as the composer would have directed, records in a sound-proof booth with clean acoustics, follows the written score as closely as possible, and so forth. Nearly every copyrightable element of the recording is identical (or nearly so) to what the composer would have expected a musician to produce. True, the musician has likely worked quite hard on creating the recording, but as the Supreme Court has said repeatedly, originality is the sina qua non of copyright - hard work is not enough. Yet, perhaps surprisingly, we give the musician copyright anyway.<br/><br/>In order for this result to stand, we must necessarily set a very low threshold of originality for musical works. Similar arguments can be raised in the context of photography (especially aerial photography and similar applications), translations (especially between similar languages, such as Spanish and Portuguese), and many other kinds of copyrighted work. The Office now proposes to set a considerably higher threshold of originality, but only when AI is involved. The proper threshold of originality has always been a complicated and difficult question, but setting a different standard for AI-generated works would open a Pandora&#39;s Box of further complications. What exactly counts as an &quot;AI-generated&quot; work? What if the human contributes to the work? How much does the human need to contribute? What if the AI is just putting &quot;finishing touches&quot; on a work primarily created by a human? These are not hypothetical questions - image generators have generally supported img2img and inpainting modalities for quite some time now, and inpainting in particular necessarily involves a much higher degree of human input than &quot;regular&quot; txt2img generation. New modalities, such as ControlNet, are also being introduced at a regular rate, and these offer the human user further control over the AI&#39;s output. In the long term, maintaining a &quot;bright-line&quot; distinction between AI and non-AI works is likely infeasible.<br/><br/>The Office cannot have it both ways. There is nothing in Title 17 which even suggests that AI-generated works are subject to a different originality standard from any other kind of work, and such a standard would be unworkable in any event. Either the threshold of originality is low enough to accommodate at least some uses of AI, or it is high enough to exclude many situations in which copyright is commonly registered and acknowledged.<br/><br/>This does not mean that the Office must accept any and all copyright claims resulting from an AI-generated work. It is certainly proper for the Office to ask putative authors about the extent of their involvement with the work. But if the author responds by pointing to a more elaborate workflow than merely entering a prompt and pressing a button, it will be difficult for the Office to credibly maintain that such works are not entitled to copyright, without going back on the copyrights it has already granted to many non-AI-generated works. Therefore, as a matter of law, I believe the Office has no choice but to grant copyright for most works created by AI, provided that human involvement and contribution is more than incidental.<br/><br/>This comment should not be interpreted as a response to question number 20 (regarding whether copyright protection for AI-generated works is desirable as a  policy matter). The above is strictly my interpretation of the law as it currently stands, and I express no opinion about whether current law should be altered to expand or contract copyright protection for AI-generated works.