Artificial Intelligence is a fascinating technology, the implications of what it has achieved even in just the last few years are still yet to be fully felt by society. We often hear about this idea of no longer knowing what is real and what is not. Often referred to as to something that will occur in the near future. What people don&#39;t understand is this future is now.<br/>Early this year, a site streaming AI generated pornographic videos of (mainly) women whom did not consent or partake in these videos was uncovered accidentally by a Twitch Streamer known as Atrioc. The incident became widely known and while the site did eventually get taken down, this was not before thousands flocked to the site. Paying subscriptions to see fake videos of various individuals from your everyday life to celebrities to simply notable individuals. The content was not only generated without the consent of those portrayed, but was often warped to provide unrealistic images of their bodies. Many individuals portrayed on the site had people lashing out at them with abuse, trying to shame them as if they had asked for this content of themselves to be created. Others were put under pressure for not matching the &quot;ideal bodies&quot; depicted in these videos, and shamed for not living up to these new unrealistic standards that people had acquired. Some individuals even had people sending images from these videos to their families and friends in an attempt to harm their lives offline as well. <br/>This is the power of AI. Even with the knowledge something could be fake, people often flock to the assumption it is real. An assumption that is now dangerous in society with AI present. The incident described above was just one of many, the wonders of AI are overshadowed already by the harms it has created. And this applies to many spaces AI have touched. From private data, to financial and medical, to intellectual property, AI has touched many, if not all areas of human society even if indirectly. Sometimes to their benefit, but other times to cause harm and detriment.<br/>Beyond many of the simpler arguments between various groups affected by AI stands a much larger implication. AI can change many things, for better or worse. It can be a tool, but it can also be a weapon. How far can we afford to let AI go? How much are we willing to let AI take, to let those who use it claim?<br/><br/>One of the largest problem people have with AI in it&#39;s current format is that there is no opting out. If someone, or something, puts your data into the AI&#39;s dataset, it&#39;s there. The End. It was only last year that options started to become available to consider preventing data being collected, for those concerned in the arts, Glaze and ArtShield were emerging technology to try and protect a person&#39;s art from being used in AI datasets. These however are very early technologies, flawed and easy to bypass. Nightshade is a newer technology announced but it won&#39;t be publicly available for some time. While we are still in early days with AI, people are already having to hope for new and effective technologies if they wish to protect their private data, intellectual property, and other assets that may be present in the online space for various reasons. This goes beyond simply &quot;don&#39;t post it online&quot; as several common AI data collections have managed to accidentally collect private medical data due to the data collecting algorithms. This data is now available in spaces it never should have been, thousands of patients compromised because online storage was effective for their data. A further issue is, while several attempts at data protection are being worked on. There are those who who dislike the idea of data protection, so while you may try to protect your data, there are those who will actively try to bypass your protections. Violating your desire and right to keep your data, IP, etc in favor of their desire to use it as they see fit. This antagonistic approach to other&#39;s data suggests that AI is not a safe tool to allow free handling of without regulation. Copyright must be carefully considered as well with all this in mind, what should we allow to be copyrighted? Will people creating pornographic materials of other non-consenting parties be able to copyright and sell these materials in the name of &quot;art&quot;? Should AI even be allowed to collect and utilize such data in the first place?