Comments from a concerned artist

1. As described above, generative AI systems have the ability to produce
material that would be copyrightable if it were created by a human
author. What are your views on the potential benefits and risks of this
technology? How is the use of this technology currently affecting or
likely to affect creators, copyright owners, technology developers,
researchers, and the public?

My views on this are currently AI is high risk for the future of the
creation of copyrighted material by real people. The ""skill level"" of
AI can literally only depend on the art that is fed into it in the first
place. We've already seen how rapidly capital has moved in to try to
replace human artists by simply using AI as a way to steal from them
instead. The problem is none of these generative technologies will show
how they work. It's absurd that they can theorhetically get away with
this when they have their own tech black boxed.

2. Does the increasing use or distribution of AI-generated material
raise any unique issues for your sector or industry as compared to other
copyright stakeholders?

Yes. in my own field not only is there a move to replace entire sectors
of creative work, believing that the value of that work is directly tied
to how much money it makes vs actually creating something of value. AI
generated images are also flooding websites designed for artists to have
a way to promote their work to the point where these industries have had
to start charging additional fees to use them or simply were forced to
quit taking submissions entirely because AI generated image submissions
through botting.

4. Are there any statutory or regulatory approaches that have been
adopted or are under consideration in other countries that relate to
copyright and AI that should be considered or avoided in the United
States? (40) How important a factor is international consistency in this
area across borders?

I am not currently aware of any developing laws outside of the US.
However I deeply think for the protections of the entire creative
industry as a whole to not collapse entirely from generated images that
were made from the very work human artists put out, we desperately need
the US to take a lead in this factor. The US has a lot of influence on
large industries where this would really matter. Particularly cinema and
publishing.

5. Is new legislation warranted to address copyright or related issues
with generative AI? If so, what should it entail? Specific proposals and
legislative text are not necessary, but the Office welcomes any
proposals or text for review.

Absolutely yes. AI generated images need to show "proof of work". They
can't simply deny the sourcing of those images when they're made from
copyrighted materials. This is so blatent that ghosts of the artist
signatures from the work that was used are often easily seen in
generated images. These artists copyrighted works were taken and scraped
off of their own portfolios without their consent to train these
algorhythms in the first place, artists should be able to sue for
damages.

Training

If your comment applies only to a specific subset of AI technologies,
please make that clear.

I am only commenting on image-generation AI systems

6. What kinds of copyright-protected training materials are used to
train AI models, and how are those materials collected and curated?

For artists these models scraped directly from high profile artist
portfolios, many of which seem to be Behance.com or just googling the
works of these artists and scraping the images from that. There are
currently ongoing lawsuits from individual artists over this.

6.2. To what extent are copyrighted works licensed from copyright owners
for use as training materials? To your knowledge, what licensing models
are currently being offered and used?

Zero. I've not heard of a single case where an artist was paid licensing
fees or even volunteered their work for training. No one involved in
this technology was ever interested in doing this legitimately or with
consent from artists. The "best" case I've seen is using materials that
are public domain (such as classical art)

6.3. To what extent is non-copyrighted material (such as public domain
works) used for AI training? Alternatively, to what extent is training
material created or commissioned by developers of AI models?

As mentioned above, it is used in addition to copyrighted works. Usually
it's the 101 well knowns such as Da Vinci, Van Gogh, Monet, etc.

8.5. Under the fourth factor of the fair use analysis, how should the
effect on the potential market for or value of a copyrighted work used
to train an AI model be measured? (46) Should the inquiry be whether the
outputs of the AI system incorporating the model compete with a
particular copyrighted work, the body of works of the same author, or
the market for that general class of works?

I feel like generated images by their very nature compete with
copyrighted work. As an artist, if a program can take over your job
trained with your own works, and anyone can sell generated images, the
future of artists who havent even begun to make a name for themselves is
beyond bleak.

9. Should copyright owners have to affirmatively consent (opt in) to the
use of their works for training materials, or should they be provided
with the means to object (opt out)?

It NEEDS to be an opt in system. Opt out is absolutely not good enough.
It is entirely the responsibility of the AI companies who use these
images in the first place, not the artists who created the works that
were stolen from them.

9.1. Should consent of the copyright owner be required for all uses of
copyrighted works to train AI models or only commercial uses? (47)

Both. AI image generation companies are still making money off
copyrighted materials just from people paying to use their programs even
if those images are not sold.

9.2. If an “opt out” approach were adopted, how would that process work
for a copyright owner who objected to the use of their works for
training? Are there technical tools that might facilitate this process,
such as a technical flag or metadata indicating that an automated
service should not collect and store a work for AI training uses? (48)

I'd love to know this too, because as an artist this seems unbelievably
burdensome. There is no way I'd feel confident I'd be able to opt out of
every image generator.
Additionally, I don't think just by using a platform where you upload
images (twitter/facebook/tumblr/etc) should be able to automatically opt
you into agreeing for content you post, writing/images/etc should be
subject to scraping for AI.

9.3. What legal, technical, or practical obstacles are there to
establishing or using such a process? Given the volume of works used in
training, is it feasible to get consent in advance from copyright
owners?

This is their burden to bear with their tech. It being feasible or not
isn't the problem of copyright holders.

9.4. If an objection is not honored, what remedies should be available?
Are existing remedies for infringement appropriate or should there be a
separate cause of action?

They are not enough. DMCA takedowns are heartbreakingly useless past a
certain point, and also require artists to expose their personal
information to people who are potentially going to be malicious. Again,
I feel like not enough responsibily is being put on the
models/companies/individuals who stole these images to train their
models in the first place. There is undue burden being put on artists
who likely dont have the legal resources to fight back beyond simply
asking something to be taken down through DMCA.

9.5. In cases where the human creator does not own the copyright—for
example, because they have assigned it or because the work was made for
hire—should they have a right to object to an AI model being trained on
their work? If so, how would such a system work?

I think future issues with this can be sorted by contracts for
work-for-hire simply having AI clauses in them. However I think aritsts
whose work was used this way should be able to legally persue how their
work was used and obtain compensation since this technology would not
have been listed in the rights sold.

10. If copyright owners' consent is required to train generative AI
models, how can or should licenses be obtained?

You simply don't use that person's works if you are unable to obtain a
license. Just like every other industry.

10.1. Is direct voluntary licensing feasible in some or all creative
sectors?

Possibly? I cannot really see this being appealing to any as an
individual in my field, but I can see it being appealing to larger
corporations who might hold the rights to the works that was made for
them.

10.3. Should Congress consider establishing a compulsory licensing
regime? (50) If so, what should such a regime look like? What activities
should the license cover, what works would be subject to the license,
and would copyright owners have the ability to opt out? How should
royalty rates and terms be set, allocated, reported and distributed?

For the arts specifically? No. This sounds horrifying.

10.4. Is an extended collective licensing scheme (51) a feasible or
desirable approach?

No.

10.5. Should licensing regimes vary based on the type of work at issue?

Yes.

13. What would be the economic impacts of a licensing requirement on the
development and adoption of generative AI systems?

Whatever the economic impacts AI systems have they are secondary to the
current status of artists whose works are being used without permission
by those systems.

Transparency & Recordkeeping

15. In order to allow copyright owners to determine whether their works
have been used, should developers of AI models be required to collect,
retain, and disclose records regarding the materials used to train their
models? Should creators of training datasets have a similar obligation?

100% yes. I also fully believe AI models pushed themselves into pubilc
use as quickly as they possibly could in order to bypass copyright
holders having these kinds of protections in place. They never wanted to
pay for or fairly obtain this data.

15.1. What level of specificity should be required?

To start: Source name, artist name or company name/LL if applicable,
date obtained, how many times the image has been used in generations.

15.2. To whom should disclosures be made?

Copyright holders so they can determine damages

15.3. What obligations, if any, should be placed on developers of AI
systems that incorporate models from third parties?

It is fully their responsibility to assess for copyrighted materials.

16. What obligations, if any, should there be to notify copyright owners
that their works have been used to train an AI model?

All of them. All of the obligations. Artists need to be able to know
they were stolen from to seek damages.

If your comment applies only to a particular subset of generative AI
technologies, please make that clear.

I am only commenting on image-generation AI systems

Copyrightability

18. Under copyright law, are there circumstances when a human using a
generative AI system should be considered the “author” of material
produced by the system? If so, what factors are relevant to that
determination? For example, is selecting what material an AI model is
trained on and/or providing an iterative series of text commands or
prompts sufficient to claim authorship of the resulting output?

No. Any one person can "write" the exact same prompt for generation
using the same model and get the exact same result. There is no universe
that process should be copyrightable. There is no creative or unique
input here, it's typing keywords (which coincidentally are also farmed
off artists tagging or adding alt text to their own work) and they
ultimately have no genuine creative control of the output since it can
only generate based on the images that were fed into the model in the
first place.

19. Are any revisions to the Copyright Act necessary to clarify the
human authorship requirement or to provide additional standards to
determine when content including AI-generated material is subject to
copyright protection?

I think at this point yes regarding human authorship. I think AI
generation trying to get around this rule by having a human make edits
to a generated image is also a potentially significant problem.

20. Is legal protection for AI-generated material desirable as a policy
matter? Is legal protection for AI-generated material necessary to
encourage development of generative AI technologies and systems? Does
existing copyright protection for computer code that operates a
generative AI system provide sufficient incentives?

Going to go with No. Why does AI get to bypass laws literally every
other industry has to consider. If anything AI training should be more
regulated and forced to reveal how it works. If these technologies can
only function by stealing data from copyrighted material then maybe they
shouldn't get to exist.

20.1. If you believe protection is desirable, should it be a form of
copyright or a separate sui generis right? If the latter, in what
respects should protection for AI-generated material differ from
copyright?

I think training data just shouldn't be able to profit or gain from
copyrighted images based on existing rights. If specific language needed
to be used, then so be it, but I don't see a reason those existing
protections shouldn't apply here.

21. Does the Copyright Clause in the U.S. Constitution permit copyright
protection for AI-generated material? Would such protection “promote the
progress of science and useful arts”? (52) If so, how?

Infringement

22. Can AI-generated outputs implicate the exclusive rights of
preexisting copyrighted works, such as the right of reproduction or the
derivative work right? If so, in what circumstances?

Absolutely not, reproduction simply requires a copy of the original
work, which can be provided by the original author. Derivative works
don't require already-made compoisitions to be made, even if they are a
close reference. An AI model cannot by the reality of the technology
make derivative work because it cannot -create- anything.

24. How can copyright owners prove the element of copying (such as by
demonstrating access to a copyrighted work) if the developer of the AI
model does not maintain or make available records of what training
material it used? Are existing civil discovery rules sufficient to
address this situation?

Some models are so blatent in theft that signatures still exist in the
generated images.I will also say as a creative, it's very easy to
recognize even the echos of your own work, but I doubt that is be enough
to require a discovery process. Also again, this is more fees and legal
effort that victims of theft are being forced to endure. I don't know if
current discovery rules are enough if there isn't a specific rule
against the "black box" many of these models are hiding behind.

25. If AI-generated material is found to infringe a copyrighted work,
who should be directly or secondarily liable—the developer of a
generative AI model, the developer of the system incorporating that
model, end users of the system, or other parties?

I pursuing believe individuals who are using generated images will be
unhelpful in addressing the issue. The system that curated images for
their generator that is being used should be the one liable for damages.
An individual user cannot be responsible for the training data a model
uses.

Labeling or Identification

28. Should the law require AI-generated material to be labeled or
otherwise publicly identified as being generated by AI? If so, in what
context should the requirement apply and how should it work?

This I think would be difficult to pointless to enforce legally. Having
images be watermarked would be enough to disuade people from submitting
these image. Having built in watermarks would not be difficult. Someone
could of course still remove these watermarks if the were incentivized
to do so, but it's far better than nothing.

28.1. Who should be responsible for identifying a work as AI-generated?

The image generators. It should not be the responsibility of the general
public to have to scrutinize the legitimacy of an AI generated image.
This would not be difficult to impliment as a feature.

28.2. Are there technical or practical barriers to labeling or
identification requirements?

No. This would be trivial.

28.3. If a notification or labeling requirement is adopted, what should
be the consequences of the failure to label a particular work or the
removal of a label?

Monetary damages should be able to be obtained by individual copyright
holders.

Additional Questions About Issues Related to Copyright

30. What legal rights, if any, currently apply to AI-generated material
that features the name or likeness, including vocal likeness, of a
particular person?

None. I've seen professional voice actors absolutely horrified they have
no way of persuing damages for people generating their voice without
permission.

32. Are there or should there be protections against an AI system
generating outputs that imitate the artistic style of a human creator
(such as an AI system producing visual works “in the style of” a
specific artist)? Who should be eligible for such protection? What form
should it take?

Every artist deserves to have their work protected from this. For many
people their brand and identity encompasses the entire selling point of
their work. But to say a smaller artist doesn't deserve these same
protections is absurd and goes against the entire point of having
protections through copyright.
