I&rsquo;m a foreign visual artist whose works were scraped and included in training datasets for generative AI (LAION) without permission. Recent news of how US companies are looking to train their AIs with data and contents belonging to users on the global online platforms they own (Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest etc.) filled me with even more concern. The social media platforms&rsquo; terms of service usually insist that they don&rsquo;t own the copyright to any of the users&rsquo; contents, and yet by automatically opting-in their users&rsquo; contents for training, their action seems to imply otherwise. Considering that their users live in various different countries with different regulation regarding copyright and AI training, how will those platforms make sure to observe the applicable law of each user&rsquo;s home countries? Moreover, copyrighted materials are quite often reposted/linked on this kind of platforms, or in fact, the whole internet, without permissions and/or the knowledge of the copyright owners, and more often than not without correct attributions either. Implementing a opt-out system will just create an unending, massive burdens for artists where they have to perpetually monitor every website and platform in existence to make sure their rights are respected. In addition, unlike art portfolio websites, these platforms also host other contents outside of creative works as well (e.g. selfies, photos of family and friends, pet photos, etc).  Aside from privacy concern of having a person&rsquo;s likeness used in AI training, this is an extra burden for general users to have to opt out their private photos, and for whoever gathering up data for training to have to clean up their database. The Opt-in setup already exists.  Thing like stock photo agencies already exist, and quite a few AI companies already have licensing agreements with those agencies to use copyrighted stock photos for training (although whether creators are fairly compensated is a whole different topic). AI companies talk of importance of high-quality training material, what&rsquo;s more higher-quality than those offered directly by creators then*? Moreover, not requiring permission to use copyrighted materials in training datasets will create unfair competition where those who wish to do the right thing have to bear extra cost and are at disadvantage.<br/>In short, the answers to Question #9, #10 &amp; #15 are: Yes, copyright owners have to affirmatively consent (opt in) to the use of their works for training materials.  Licenses for use of copyrighted works already exist and that can be used as reference on how licensing for training datasets can be worked out between AI developers and creators, whether individually or as a collective. Full transparency is also required and that at minimum should identify copyright owners, where the works are gathered from, and when. <br/><br/>*Unless, of course, they just want things for free. After all, why pay minimum wage when you can get away with slave labor?<br/>