Regarding the use of copyrighted data in the training of artificial intelligence (AI), I can see no basis for the concerns that others have raised. As AI does not reproduce, wholly or in part, any of the works used in training its algorithm, it cannot be said to be copying those works in any way. It instead uses them to produce, insofar as a machine is able, an understanding of the meanings of words with relation to shapes and colors. In that way, an AI&#39;s use of images cannot be said to be fundamentally different from that of a human similarly referencing other images to gain an understanding of artistic concepts. Indeed, since the AI generates its images by resolving random noise into something resembling recognizable patterns, it might even be said that an AI&#39;s generations are less derivative of the works it has been shown than those of a human artist, who operates with deliberate intent. Unless we are going to regulate the ability of humans who might some day create works of their own to view the works of others, then I feel it is patently ridiculous to say that a piece of software which works on several more layers of abstraction cannot be trained upon the same.<br/><br/>To put it simply, one cannot copyright a style, nor can one be prevented from studying a style to learn it, and so it should not matter whether that style is thereafter emulated directly, or through the use of a tool. If the replication of a style is used to impersonate another person, that falls under matters of fraud, and is an issue to be settled under the existing laws that would apply to any other form of counterfeit works. It is not an AI-specific issue, and should not be handled as such.<br/><br/>Regarding the copyrightability of AI generated material, I feel that to deny it in any situation where there is a user is unacceptable. Except in situations where a system is created to be fully autonomous, the works generated will represent the creative process of the person using the software. It will represent their conceptualization, manipulation of the software to get a desired output, the use of various techniques for refinement, and ultimately their curation of results. In short, it will represent the intellectual effort of the user, and ultimately that is what copyright is meant to protect - intellectual property. It has never been the job of the copyright office to determine the artistic merits of a work, only its original authorship. So long as the work is derived from the efforts of a person&#39;s mind, it is their intellectual property, and that person is entitled to have their work protected under the law.<br/><br/>As to liability, I believe that can be solved in the same way. If a work is the result of user&#39;s efforts, then it is the responsibility of that user to ensure that it does not infringe upon any other person&#39;s copyright. Just as it would be were the work created by any other means. If someone produces any work and wishes to profit off of it, then the onus falls on them to ensure that they have all necessary rights to do so. Once again, that would be the same if someone using traditional means were to somehow inadvertently replicate an existing work, so there is no need for any difference under the law for AI. Special standards do not need to be applied to AI for matters that the law already covers, and if a fully autonomous system were to be developed, then it follows that it would still be the responsibility of first the creators of the software and second those hosting and operating it to ensure it did not break any laws.