Questions 1, 2, and 6 Summary: A professional medical-legal illustrator is a visual problem solver, the storyteller for attorneys litigating medical and scientific cases. The medical illustrator is a critical part of the legal team, reviewing the patient&#39;s medical record, summarizing the key injuries and surgeries, and illustrating them accurately from the radiology scans, matching CT and MRIs. These illustrations and/or animations teach the complex medicine to all the parties in the lawsuit, including the mediator, judge and jury. When AI started to peek its head, my brother asked, &quot;will you still have a job, will AI replace your industry?&quot; AI eliminating an entire industry? Sounds irresponsible and catastrophic. As a medical-legal illustrator and animator for over 22 years, AI is not an assistant or a means to make tasks easier. AI is a bunch of junk, like clip art on google images. It is inaccurate and dangerous, muddies the water between truth and fiction. As AI learns to read radiology dicom, and struggles to summarize medical records, how long before an attorney can put the pieces together? Many attorneys do not have the creative vision or time to &quot;illustrate&quot; medical records themselves through AI, but the possibility is there. As I said, AI is dangerous, and troublesome for the courts as legal exhibits will have unknown visual creators and no way to prove accuracy of medical facts. No way for the testifying medical expert to support the AI visuals as evidence. This could eliminate justice for victims of medical malpractice and traumatic injury all over the world. I am attaching a very simple example of my work. Please protect the creators and illustrators, artists and true talents from this ridiculous danger. Let the human creatives copyright and protect and profit from their work. Do not let the cheaters, the artificial artists, the fakers benefit from talents and skills others have inside their souls, their purpose and livelihood. Stop AI from holding rights or making profits in any creative field. Do not let AI robots train from lawsuits of real victims of trauma, malpractice, and wrongful death. It would be equally negligent. See attached file(s)