i do not believe works generated by a program should be eligible for copyright pritetcion, as ideas on their own are not - and that&#39;s the only input required of the end user. the creator of the algorithm should retain copyright to the algorithm itself, but not other images, including the generated content, as it is based upon work of others without appropriate credit and compensation given. i believe a future where everything you create can be used and reused by a soulless algorithm flooding the world with subpar content made solely for some easy cash is a dystopian nightmare we should fight against. a future where art, where music, poetry and paintings are made by a computer while humans struggle and slave away at minimum wage jobs is a disaster, and horrible beyond words, yet that is precisely what is coming out way. already millions of artists have been used, their work scraped without consent, mauled and regurgitated. you can see traces of original signatures, or actual works. people imitate artstyles and signature techniques of artists who passed. they twist their ideas to fit their own views. that is an ultimate insult to an artist. i don&#39;t have data to support my words, but many claims have been proven and shared on social media by affected creators. claims that an algorithm learns just the same as a human does are far from the truth - we all know that a hand has five fingers, but does the computer know it? judging from what it creates, no. artists spend years studying and analyzing how everything around them is made to recreate it as faithfully as possible (and even artists who don&#39;t stick to realism have to know what rules they&#39;re breaking, so to speak. even abstract art takes hours of studying the technique itself to get the desired result.) having a program spit out photos or paintings of &quot;people&quot; with too many fingers, too many teeth, hair merging with their clothes in weird clumps is an insult, and proof that it doesn&#39;t learn like a person. it doesn&#39;t understand. it just copies what it sees, stitches images together into a frankenstein&#39;s monster of art. the best looking results are ones that directly imitate an artstyle or just a person&#39;s face, and the so called deepfakes are another issue. imagine a world where you hear your own voice say things you never would, things you disagree with, maybe even lie on your behalf. that is already a reality for many people whose faces and voices are well known. the volume of harmful content generated like this is already unimaginable. every government around the world should fight against this. this needs regulation, right now.<br/>i started this comment with an artist&#39;s perspective as i would consider myself one, but i hope it is clear that the issue is beyond just us.