I am an artist, someone who could be negatively affected by widespread use of AI to copy humans&#39; styles and have products of generative AI treated equally to human-produced art.<br/><br/>On issue 1: I believe that copyright holders should only have their work used to train AI with their permission. Far too many generative AI models have already been trained without asking any image creators for their permission, to the dismay of many artists including myself. Compensation would be nice as well, though I think leaving that as an individual deal to be worked out between copyright holders and AI trainers seeking their agreement would be the most pragmatic. I also believe that AI trainers should be required to keep records of exactly which images have been used for training, and at least publicly credit all authors whose work has been used, if not a more specific listing of the training data used.<br/><br/>On issue 2: I stand against any copyrighting of AI-generated images, even with specific usage of training data and prompting by a human to achieve a desired result. The example of a comic composed of AI images and human writing having the arrangement of words and images considered human-authored, but the images themselves not human-authored, is interesting; I can&#39;t really disagree that the arrangement was done by a human and I am glad to see that the copyright office still saw the individual images as unfit for copyright. But as far as any single image is concerned, I see too much difference in technique and too much potential harm to artists to think copyrighting any AI-made image should be allowed. I foresee allowing some AI generations to be copyrighted leading to a rule that is too lax. My artist friends have pointed out that letting human-made images be the only copyrighted artwork gives them a competitive edge, which I agree with and think is necessary for artists to maintain livelihoods in a market that may become saturated by AI products.<br/><br/>On issue 3: I see no reason to treat AI images any more leniently in matters of copyright infringement than human-produced work. And fair use is important to creativity, so despite my apprehensions about AI, it would be unfair to deny all AI-produced works protections of fair use - though I would like my beliefs about issue 1 to be implemented first. For the question of whether the prompter or the AI trainer should be liable, I think if the AI was only trained on permitted works, this would be good conduct that alleviates the model creators of infringement. If not, and AI were trained on works without permission, I am not sure exactly how much but the model creators should face some repercussion. In either case though, the prompter who made the infringing image and published it without fair use would be more directly responsible.<br/><br/>On issue 4: Since copyright already does not generally protect art styles, it is hard to say exactly how the office should step in if a style is copied using AI images. Of course, if the style was able to be copied so exactly due to an AI model being trained on an artist&#39;s work without their permission, I already think that training should not be allowed. If somehow a style is copied by an AI model trained only on permitted works, I am not sure what the result would be; artist circles tend to operate on a shared sportsmanship about not copying each other too directly, without strict legal backing of this idea. The issue is that users of AI may not share this idea and may not be so easily convinced of its importance. Either way, I am unsure what the copyright office&#39;s role would be in this situation. However, for voices and faces being so exactly imitated by AI, I imagine this is not covered by the copyright office due to it simply not being so easily done in the past. While it could better fall under another governmental body and not this office, I foresee the need for protections against recreations of someone&#39;s voice or appearance, as it can be highly damaging if used to spread misinformation about what someone said or did, let alone the personal distress inflicted.<br/><br/>In summary, AI models only being trained on permitted work would alleviate many of my concerns as an artist, but the produced images (or texts) should still not be fit for copyright. Those who prompt AI to create infringing images should be held responsible, and imitation of real people will need some form of recourse for those damaged by it.