In regards to Generative Artificial Intelligence (Gen AI), there can be no place for any model that is made with copyright material, in any capacity. Gen AI models currently have been built on copyright works stolen from all over the internet (including art, music, literature, and films), not just from individual copyright holders but also many large corporations (Disney/Marvel are especially popular targets). Any use of the works generated by these Gen AI models put those who use them liable for litigation, and are a liability to any company. Each of the Gen AI models that exist (including but not limited to Scribe, Jasper, ChatGPT, Dall-E2, Wordtune, Notion, GitHub Copilot, VEED, and Speechify, among others) have committed so many individual instances of copyright infringement to train their models and operate that the scope is truly difficult to comprehend. For perspective, in A&amp;M Records, Inc. v. Napster, Inc, the single company was found guilty of many instances of copyright infringement for filesharing without the intent to sell, and required to pay $26 million. Gen AI is orders of magnitude more egregious than that casr, and any company that uses these models would be subject to even higher penalties, most likely in billions of dollars. In addition to that, non-fiction and reference material is being diluted with Gen AI as well. Medical journals and advice are being fabricated whole cloth with incorrect information that could injure or potentially kill countless citizens. Official statements by government officials could be falsely created by enemies of the state to weaken our national defense and further our enemies interests, which as a member of the armed forces puts me and my family, as well as the many other service members and their families, at similar risk of violence. Finally, the moral stance of stealing others work and selling it as their own without even a thought to fair compensation is absolutely deplorable. Not only should these companies immediately shut down all their Gen AI operations, but the databases built to create then should be destroyed, deleted, and otherwise removed, and the copyright holders for the works used to create them should be compensated accordingly. Gen AI as it stands is a litigation nightmare as well as a morally reprehensible den of thieves, creating a dangerous environment for decades to come. Thank you for your time and for your consideration of this comment.