As an emerging creative writer and illustrator trying to break into the industry of entertainment, I am highly impacted by the current topics of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Copyright. I am only 25 years old, and the future of my chosen career feels more precarious than ever now that companies and employers are unwilling to pay their creative employees proper remuneration for their services. After the U.S. Copyright Office ruled against AI products being protected under Copyright Law, the studios represented by the AMPTP rushed to identify loopholes to bypass this ruling by suggesting human edition, which proves their lack of appreciation and respect for human creation. Therefore, it will cause more harm than good if these companies are given legal protections to fully produce their creative projects using AI technology instead of human creative labor. We are talking about the extinction of entire careers such as Screenwriting, Story Editing, Acting, Voice Acting, Stunt Work, Computer Animation, Visual Effects, Sound Effects, etc.<br/><br/>I wish to comment on two main issues put forth on this Notice by the U.S. Copyright Office. First, the use of copyrighted works to train AI models. I wholeheartedly believe that the use of copyrighted works to train AI models should be illegal without the explicit consent of the owners of said copyrighted works. It has been proven again and again that said use of copyrighted works is not under Fair Use, and AI-generated works will result in some sort of profit to the individual inputting prompts into the AI software. The fact that AI models exist for the explicit purpose of removing an artist&#39;s watermark from their copyrighted works is insulting. There is no other definition for it than &quot;intellectual property theft,&quot; which is something the U.S. Copyright Office has striven to fight against. I lack the technological knowledge to come up with a functional solution, but I would suggest AI training models issuing open submission calls to ask artists and creators to willingly share their works to train the respective AI program in exchange for proper remuneration in the form of payment and transparent artist credit.<br/><br/>The second issue is the proper scope of copyright protection for material created using generative AI, to which I stand by the U.S. Copyright Office&#39;s ruling that copyright protection in the United States is limited to works of human authorship. There is no AI-generated content whatsoever that should ever be allowed to be protected by copyright. It is content generated through the mutilation and imitation of stolen copyrighted work. AI cannot be compared to other artistic tools, such as typewriters, drawing tablets, digital cameras, and audio or video editing software. Likewise, no amount of human edition could ever justify the final AI-generated product being protected by Copyright Law. The iterations of instructions (so-called &ldquo;prompts&rdquo;) given by a human being can in no way stand as a creative work that could be protected by Copyright Law, just like any other creative prompt challenges that are popular online. Would the U.S. Copyright Office ever consider the prompts &quot;James Bond beach chase in Miami&quot; or &quot;Benedict Cumberbatch dressed as a pirate&quot; acceptable for copyright protection? Considering that ideas and keywords cannot be eligible for copyright protection, I would assume the answer would be &quot;no.&quot; Therefore, I would never compare an AI-generated feature film script or character design to the work generated by human artists. To do so is insulting to our craft. I have written three feature-length film scripts for my portfolio so far. That is a total of 360 pages of unique creative writing, and I never wished to have an AI program at my disposal to do that job for me. The U.S. Copyright Office cannot give large studios or companies leeway to protect AI-generated works simply because they had a human being inputting prompts into a program, prompts that would never be eligible for copyright protection on their own.<br/><br/>In conclusion, I exhort the U.S. Copyright Office to remain firm in its stance to protect human creativity and labor by refusing to accept AI-generated works as equal to human creations. Companies in all industries have already shown they won&#39;t hesitate to ruin the very real careers and the very real lives of the writers, artists, and actors trying to make an honest living through honest creative work, and they will strive to find loopholes and lower every minimum requirement to justify their use of AI over human employees. Please, do not let that happen. I am already seeing the effects of AI-generated works negatively impacting the creative community, such as artists being forced to lower their commission prices to compete with an unfair AI program, and expensive sponsorships being offered to accounts posting nothing but AI-generated images. We are still in time to stop this situation from getting worse, so please protect our rights.<br/><br/>Thank you.