I have been both an artist and active member of several artistic communities for half my life. I and my colleagues have uploaded our works on the internet with the hopes that we could share our art freely for thousands of people across the world to enjoy, build our professional portfolios, and connect with potential clients who could help support our work financially, either through freelance work or through employment offers. Over the years we have dealt with individual troublemakers who would trace, copy, or commit other actions that violated copyright laws that protect the hard work and intellectual property of I and my fellow artists, but while it has generally been easy to deal with individual cases that unambiguously violations of copyright law, it has been a great struggle holding companies accountable for scraping art we posted online for AI training without giving us permission or credit. Despite raising awareness about how generative AI programs such as MidJourney and Stable Diffusion could not function as well as they do without the millions of images taken and used in their training data, the overwhelming majority of which was taken without the permissions of their respective IP owners. Every single artist I have spoken to with a decent follower (usually 10 thousand or more followers on sites Instagram, X (formerly known as Twitter), Facebook, etc.) have noticed a decline in commissions and freelance work over the last 12 months as generative AI technology has allowed the proliferation of synthetic imagery created with neural networks built on our stolen intellectual property to compete with us in our own field.<br/>Copyright laws are meant to help protect the work and intellectual property of creators from theft and misuse, but right now, generative AI is responsible for one of the largest-scale violations of intellectual property in history. Our futures as creators are put in jeopardy, and we will not give up our careers, livlihoods, passions without a fight. Some artists, such as Karla Ortiz and Sarah Anderson, have filed a class action lawsuit against MidJourney, Deviantart, and Stable Diffusion to help artists who have had agency over how their art is used stripped away from them by the aforementioned companies, but progress has been slow, and there are thousands more artists who do not have the financial resources to fight against these large corporations who have taken their work without permission The USCO is in a position to protect a class of hard-working, creative individuals who dedicated their whole lives to their crafts and enriched both our economy and culture. Automation is meant to help aid human work, but generative AI is a force that threatens to replace thousands of workers. If nothing is done to stop IP theft by companies involved in the generative AI industry, we will permanently lose thousands of jobs from our economy, which will countless people&#39;s livelihoods. Our cultural landscape will be worse off if these talented, kind, hard-working individuals are forced to quit their passions and livelihoods because of machine learning replacing the creative talents of this country. For the sake of all artists of all current and future generations, the USCO must take steps to protect artists from having their work taken and used by generative AI without their permission, and put companies that violate their intellectual property to justice. Protect human creators, please.