When using AI to generate any sort of content, the individual using the AI has no control over the specifics of what the AI is going to create. If one prompts an AI to generate an image of a woman, one may receive various different images that do not reflect their vision. AI additionally does not create content based on any principles or theories. It uses patterns and algorithms to generate what it recognizes in the prompt that it was given. This is because AI generation tools were made to be an instant service in which a user can ask for content and near-instantly get content in return.<br/>Almost all generative AIs were also made without the consent of thousands if not millions of people. Since they obtained their data from data scraping the internet, many people had no say regarding the usage of their work in these AIs. They cannot be removed either, as that would require training new AIs from new datasets. This especially preys on visual artists who cannot compare with the free and near-instant appeal of AI. If a consumer had to choose between hiring an artist or using an AI, the choice with the most initial benefits would be the AI, since it can be assumed that the artist likely had their art online and thus their style could replicated with no cost.<br/>Vocal performers and singers may also become victims of AI, however, as their voices are used to generate vocal performances without their consent. One&#39;s voice is part of their body, and should not be copyrightable especially if the entity wanting copyright is not the original performer. Additionally, the AI voice generators that are most commonly used do not stop individuals from using the AI to create slander and they actively infringe on the vocal performer&#39;s freedom of speech. Users can generate spoken statements that the original performer does not agree with or did not want to speak of, but in order to clarify that they did not speak such statements, a vocal performer oftentimes must clarify what their position on the subject of the statement is.<br/>