To who it may concern,<br/>My name is Andrew. I am a 15y+ yr veteran of the film and television industry. I started off in high school theatre in a small town in West Virginia before earning an B.A. Theatre in undergrad and onto an A.S. Film at a revered media arts school. I can&#39;t understate the net positive effects working in the arts have had on my life both helping me grow as a human and productive member of society, in addition to breaking the cycle of generational poverty in my family and becoming financially stable finally in my 40s. I am a member of both SAG-AFTRA and IATSE Local 479. I have always been on both sides of the curtain/camera dating back to my theatre days. I have had the experience of Acting in everything from stage plays to commercials to feature films in addition to helping build sets and handle props on reality shows to $300 million dollar movies for Amazon and Netflix. Given my background in these different facets of the industry, I am hyper concerned about the growing interest and implementation of AI technology by people who desire to gain even more return on their already record profits by replacing as much of the human component of Art as they are allowed to. Drawing/Painting, Photography, Music, Graphic Design, Film and Television are all under assault by AI tech. Not only in terms of attempting to steal human creativity and sell weird, inauthentic knockoffs to audiences, but the literal theft of our jobs and livelihoods by CEOs, Studio Heads and Corporate Investors- all in the name of bigger returns to shareholders and more obscene bonuses for those at the top. <br/><br/>Since joining IATSE Local 479, I have been blessed to work on much larger studio projects than I had during my non-union days. Since 2018 and my arrival in Atlanta GA after 10 years working in Los Angeles, CA I have been fortunate to work on 35-40 Network Television shows and Feature Films.  I work primarily in the Property Department (any sort of items used/handled by Actors and Background Actors in scenes, I provide and manage) and with the continuing advent of CGI/Digital tech being implemented into films and television shows by incredibly talented digital artists; nearly every product sends Actors and Background Actors to Visual Effects department to be &quot;Scanned&quot;. Traditionally this has been for the purpose of having a full digital image of the Actor and any Props they may use in the scene in the event they need to be digitally manipulated for a stunt or additional bodies added into a scene to increase a crowd size. More recent uses include De-Aging older Actors to play a younger version of themselves in a film- see the most recent Indiana Jones film that de-aged an 80year old Harrison Ford to flashback to his 30something year old self for a scene. These are okay uses. There is room for debate on if productions should engage in those practices vs just hiring a younger actor to play the part or more background folks to fill up the space as they did historically before CGI was prevalent. Over the course of this year during these labor negotiations and Strikes by both SAG-AFTRA and WGA, the true intentions of the AMPTP (Studios) has been made public. They seek to move to a system where every Actor is fully scanned and signs away the use of their image/likeness in perpetuity. That means the studios can buy an Actor&#39;s likeness and &quot;create&quot; as many new projects with that Actor as they want moving forward without the Actor ever physically being present. They can film a Background Actor for 1 day and own that image to edit into scenes as needed forever. Aside from the really messed up moral implications here, this directly affects so many of us because it literally eliminates the need for them to pay us to come do our job. It starts off as getting rid of background actors. That eliminates the use of Background Hair/Makeup/Wardrobe/PAs. In my department that eliminates multiple Property people if not entire 2nd Units of Prop People if these extra scenes are being fully digitally created. If you eventually move toward the model of digitally creating a lead Actor&#39;s performance, they eliminate 99% of the crew. No need for Writers, Cameras, Audio, Lighting, Construction, Set Decoration, Rigging, Grips, Craft Service, Set Medics... They will likely staff a *Director, Producer, maybe an Editor and a few programmers who are overseeing the AI as it &quot;creates&quot; the *Film. I am fortunate enough to have a Spouse that is gainfully employed in another industry. If my work in Film is eliminated, we lose my just over $100,000 income that took me 13 years in the industry to finally achieve- our ability to pay our mortgage (new homeowners) is at risk. We are looking at starting a family next year. That is going to be a lot more difficult without that secondary income or if that income decreases dramatically due to a new career starting fro scratch in my middle age. It is impossible to make it on a single income in today&#39;s economy. Best. 