Thank you for opening these important questions up for public comment. I highly enjoy films and other media from the United States, and want that media to keep being produced. I am here to argue that AI-created media should not be regulated particularly differently to any other media.<br/>I am aware that some generative AIs are being trained using data from other creators, without their consent. This has caused many hurt feelings, and I anticipate that you will recieve many comments asking you to ban or highly restrict the use of AI-generated content. However, hurt feelings are not strong grounds for the prohibition of something; instead, I argue that we should only restrict AI-generated content if there is evidence that its use is going to reduce the amount and quality of content being produced by the creative industries.<br/>To a certain extent, copyright law blocks new, original work from being created based on existing work, therefore reducing creative content. The justification for this is that it leads to more creative output overall, since it discourages people from illegally copying works, which ensures that funding that should go to the creators of the work is not taken away - therefore, the creators had more incentive to create the original work. This concept does not always apply in this case. AI created works are often entirely novel, and appeal to an audience that was not being appealed to by the original work. Therefore, money that goes to the AI creator usually would not have gone to the original creators if the AI had not been used.<br/>There are, of course, advantages to using AI over direct human output. The primary advantage is, it is cheaper; it is possible to create far more work for far less money using AI. This means that the average person will be able to access more content if AI work continues to be permitted. Secondly, it is often faster to produce. If someone wants to create a particular result using an AI, they can try different things more quickly, and produce results they want faster.<br/>Overall, it is clear that prohibition of AI would be a bad thing for the industry and in general.<br/>Thank you for your time and consideration in this important matter.