Generative AI is trained using massive amounts of information, which includes works subject to copyright protection. As this is the case, it is extremely important NOT TO extend copyright protection to non-humans, as it would be tantamount to legalizing  plagiarism (if copyright protection extends to AI system, and if an AI system plagiarized a human work of authorship, which could be done in subtle ways by abstracting its underlying structure, it is off the hook and its &#39;theft&#39; is protected by copyright).  <br/>The benefits of generative AI to society are exceptional and those benefits outweigh the disadvantage of imperfect copyright protection (perfect protection would be  protection  from any infringement, including non-intentional infringement, see below). The benefits of generative AI include getting relevant information for online searches, or creating AI-based entertainment experiences such as our company North Side Inc does (www.northsideinc.com ). It is not practical to curate the training data used to train generative-AI systems. Fair use of copyright protected information was defined for humans and cannot be extended to generative-AI systems. However, when an AI system uses a text or an image for training, there is no intent to plagiarize, but rather to build a comprehensive model of the world (comprehensive in the statistical sense, but deviations from the average could be logged). The main motivation (of the builders of generative AI systems) is for their system to learn as much as possible about consensus reality and/or whatever is of interest to the human race (I called it a comprehensive model of the world). Viewed in this manner, copyrighted work is just another subjective mirror of consensus reality and what is of interest to humans. The problem could be solved by defining copyright infringement as an INTENTIONAL act that must have a human agent. Intention could be demonstrated by pointing to some advantage procured to the infringing agent. Copyright protection should not extend to generative AI systems.