As an aspiring writer I believe that AI art, AI scripts, AI voice dubbing, and AI actor appearances of any kind should be outlawed from any professional setting that requires art, creative writing or actors. Not only does AI actively steal from working artists and writers since there aren&#39;t balances put in place to prevent this but studio executives are attempting to weaponize this in an effort to avoid paying workers. Without the writers and artists (animators, CGI animators, background/set designers and many more) whose work is being stolen or the actors whose faces or voices could be stolen in perpetuity thanks to exploitive studio policies the entertainment industry and the economy in turn could collapse. The economy relies on supply and demand. Without paying workers who would ensure quality in the media they produce and using AI to substitute that quality the media products will not be consumed. People have already become more picky with media thanks to streaming services and the pandemic so including AI in products people want more quality in than ever will backfire since human writers, directors, artists and actors are the ones ensuring that quality work is put into media. I personally believe that if studios or anyone else in a professional setting are caught using AI to generate scripts or art they should be sued for copyright infringement since AI is trained with pieces of art and writing that their creators/copyright holders did not consent to have train the AIs. And if an actor does not consent to have their image or voice used in a product in a professional setting they should be able to file a civil suit for the financial losses they would experience. AI voice acting and AI scripts are only acceptable in a non professional setting when they aren&#39;t intended to profit directly from the AI service and don&#39;t serve a threat to freelance workers that help the creative industries thrive. For example: Joe Biden AI meme videos should not be liable for copyright infringement because they are not intended to be used for a professional setting and or even profited off of, they are made for fun. Meanwhile animation studios that use AI to make movie backgrounds or Warner Brothers using Christopher Reeves image for a Superman cameo without his consent should be found liable for stealing pieces of people&#39;s art due to AI programmers using art to train their AI without an artists consent and studios stealing the likeness of a dead man for profit when it violated his requests in life. Please take heed and protect the workers in all creative fields who are at risk of having their livelihoods, voices or visages stolen. If they are not protected and shut out of the economy the entertainment industry will collapse and other parts of our economy will collapse alongside it.