AI use in creative works as an inspiration tool is wonderful, but the problem is that people misuse it. Not to mention, the data mining done without the creator&#39;s consent to crate the AI systems is not fair to the creators of the artworks if they have not agreed to their works being used in such a way. Not to mention how some people will use it as a shortcut to not developing their artistic talents and using other people&#39;s hard work in a roundabout way, to skirt around that what the AI spits out should not be counted as a finished product. Utemalty AI will be designing in a vacuum as more and more true artist will get discouraged and stop their projects as it&#39;s being stolen from under them. Casing the AI to spit out almost the same thing over and over makes a worse and and repetitive in the end because it&#39;s missing the crucial element of human spontaneous leaps of logic when it comes to making new connections. the AI will also have bises that it got through the data mining, so it will not comprehend what it is putting out and may contain things that only some parts of the world will like as experiences aren&#39;t universal as there are things in the world that are fundamentally different with different standards of what normal. It&#39;s a delicate balance on what gets censored in the AI systems as it just telling it what&#39;s right and wrong in one place is not true for another. It&#39;s like saying only romance, but no horror, making it so there can be no romance with horror aspects, so Twilight could never be written cuz of those biases. Fiction and art is subjective and takes forms in all the good, the bad and the ugly of humanity and expecting an AI to do that is rather an impossible task. As for as much data as you can give the AI there are things humans do that never get put into a format the AI algorithm can understand simply because we simply forget to account for them. so the AI will never understand the deeper meaning of why an artist makes the choices they do as it&#39;s unspoken, unwritten yet people understand them instinctively. the AI will only understand the surfus-level stuff. the way some people use AI is not enhance the artists&#39; ability to explore their ideas, AI is now used by the greedy to skip the step of hiring artists so they can be fairly paid for the years they put into their craft.  try telling the AI to make you a house, you&#39;ll get all the things you&#39;ll need but are you sure it&#39;s stable and not gonna fall on top of you? Are you sure it takes your comfort into account? is the layout at all functional? AI can do a lot sure, but only if we use it as a stepping stone and not the final product because to make it the best it can be you need the human touch.