Hello, I am a US citizen and computer programmer by trade, so I feel compelled and qualified to weigh in on the issue of artificial intelligence and copyright in regards to the US Copyright Office. On a more personal note, I also sometimes make use of AI language and image generation models for purely hobbyist purposes. I mainly use this new technology to help me in my creative endeavors, outlining rough drafts for short stories and sometimes for help visualizing certain events or characters. I have worked with this technology for almost a year now, and watching it&#39;s development has been both entertaining and amazing. I do not plan to monetize my work, nor claim any copyright for it as I only use it for personal entertainment or to entertain my friends and family. I am no lawyer, but as I understand it, there is currently no lawful way for a person to obtain a copyright for intellectual property produced partly or wholly by an AI language or image generation model. As I understand it, the words or images produced belong to no one, not even the people who developed the AI. <br/><br/>I feel that this is not right. It is true that my work is much easier than a writer or artist who creates something with no assistance, but then the same is true of a carpenter who uses an electrical saw over a manual one. To extend this metaphor, the work of the carpenter who uses an electrical saw does not partially belong to the saw. Surely the work I do merits some form of legal protection, should I seek to profit by it. Rarely is my work solely the product of the language or image model, as I often edit the final output to make it more appealing to myself or others. The final work is almost always a synthesis of human and robotic output. <br/><br/>I also reject the claims of some people who would say that all AI generated or assisted art is by necessity plagiarism and I will explain why. To avoid overtly technical language, a neural network &quot;learns&quot; similarly to a human brain in that it becomes capable of understanding certain patterns. This is how it is able to reproduce human language and to a lesser extent certain concepts in images. The program finds a pattern in our words, and this pattern might be &quot;A wacky story&quot; or &quot;A thrilling adventure&quot; or even &quot;A mundane chat about the weather&quot;. It then uses this learned pattern to produce a likely output. This cannot be plagiarism, because if it were, that would indict all of mankind as plagiarists. Because this is how all men learned to tell stories, they identified what patterns make a good story and just used those patterns to construct their own. Joseph Campbell&#39;s book &quot;The Hero with a Thousand Faces&quot; posits that the concept of a Hero is a universal storytelling pattern that exists across all cultures and times in human history. This pattern was direct inspiration for the highly profitable intellectual property Star Wars, and George Lucas freely admits he was inspired by Campbell&#39;s idea of the Monomyth. If humans are capable of learning the patterns of good storytelling and applying them to make money, I see no reason why a neural network cannot be used to assist in the same purpose. It is not plagiarism, but inspiration.