One of the key issues people seem to be taking with AI is that the artists and the creatives who created the works from which the programs were trained were not consulted and are not remunerated for their work. It&#39;s just as bad as plagiarism and piracy. To be honest what is the difference between a Pirate who steals works of creatives and these Ai models that have recently emerged? If not then Piracy and Online theft should be dubbed legal then, survival of the fittest. No. It is important to support real creatives be it programmers, artists or musicians who have made and given us all the entertainment, services and products we have now for the past decades and so on. What of the aspiring individuals who also want to give something of their own as well? For example, the art industry was already hard enough before the emergence of Ai. Full-time artists rely on commissions to earn a living. If everyone turned to AI art, where would that leave the artists who need to put food on the table and pay their bills. Those who say you should find another job or do something &#39;real&#39; are the same insensitive people who would come back home from their &#39;real&#39; jobs and watch TV Shows, listen to music, read books, play video games, you name it, made by the ones you are telling to do something else and go on with the times. Creativity is a honed craft just like how not everybody can be doctors or lawyers etc. <br/>That was just one point, what of elections and the likes with AI, theft, scams, cyber crime you name it is now become easier and statistically wise those areas have seen a major rise ever since the rise of Ai. Unemployment and Crime are already at an all time high and with Ai if left as it is, well what will our society turn out to be then since it won&#39;t be affecting only the Creatives Industry but all other Industries as well.<br/>I am not saying that Ai is bad and all but it needs major and strict regulations for it to be, ethically, of use to us without major repercussions to the society. Also since these Ai Models took our copywritted works without consent we as the people would like to be compensated isn&#39;t that how Theft is handled?