Using copyrighted material in the training of AI models should be considered fair use as it is a transformative process teaching the AI model how to create similar things (text, images, video, voice, music, etc.).  The intent of AI is not to make and distribute duplicates of that copyright material, but to create new material.  There is no point in AI duplicating the copyright material as a person intent on violating copyright could simply distribute copies of that material directly rather than waste time training an AI model to duplicate it.  Even in the even that an AI model becomes over trained to the point that it can duplicate the copyright material, it is the manner in which that duplicated material is used that determines on a case by case basis whether the duplicate is a violation of copyright or fair use.<br/><br/>The processes of generating AI content, especially AI art and video content, is very analogous to photo and video cameras, including the amount of human involvement.  There are a variety of settings in the software just as there are a variety of settings on a camera that all effect the resulting image.  A human being has to create a prompt and customize it to their desired results just as a photographer or videographer has to decide where to point the camera.  The AI artist may not have physically drawn the scene with their own hand, but neither did the nature photographer create the landscape he photographed.  Other people may create similar prompts and settings to get similar images, but multiple photographers can likewise take similar pictures of the same locations around the world.  The rules for copyrighting AI produced images and video should be similar to the rules for copyrighting photos.  Similarly, for AI voice and music recordings, a human would typically produce a script for the AI to read or a description of the type of music for the AI to produce.  In real voice and music recordings, a human would also provide a script or sheet music and the sound producer hits record on the recording device.  These processes are so similar, to deny copyright to AI content while allowing copyright for other forms of art involving recording devices would seem arbitrary and discriminatory against AI.<br/><br/>Furthermore, serious AI creators do not simply plug in a simple prompt, hit the generate button and take the first result they get.  They may tweak the prompts for hours, use a wide variety of tools to help guide the AI toward the specific results they want and even manually adjust parts of the image to their likeness.  In the case of AI art, some of these tools and methods include photobashing a mock up of the scene they want to create to then use as a guide in img2img or various ControlNet processors that pattern the resulting AI image after that mock up.  They might use the ControlNet Open Pose processor to ensure that the subject(s) of the image are posing exactly how they want them to pose in the image.  They will use inpainting to rework parts of the image they don&#39;t like.  They will create and use embeddings and LoRAs, which are trained on specific concepts such as a celebrity&#39;s likeness or a specific article of clothing or a specific make an model of vehicle or specific art style to augment the capabilities of the underlying AI model in a very specific and directed way.  The process is every bit as involved and complex as traditional digital art and other art methods and getting more complex every day as new techniques are added.<br/><br/>Copyright only applies to specific works that have been created, not to generalized things like art styles.  Similarly, a person does not own the rights to their own physical likenesses or the sound of their own voice.  In fact, impressionists such as Rich Little have made whole careers out of mimicking celebrity voices.  I am aware that there are laws that prohibit making it appear that a celebrity has endorsed a product when they have not, but again that would have to be an issue argued on a case by case basic in court, not a blanket ruling prohibiting the use of voices and likeness in general.  Such publicity rights should only extend to attempts to make it sound like that specific celebrity is personally endorsing the product.  I don&#39;t believe it should extend to using say a cartoon likeness of that person and even an approximation of their voice as a character in a animation so long as the creator of the animation does not try to claim that the celebrity endorsed that animation.  I would even begrudgingly agree to something such as AI videos involving celebrity likeness or voice simulation requiring some sort of disclaimer in the credits stating it is not endorsed by those celebrities and that their likenesses contained in the video are a simulation.<br/>