My name is Dallas Joder. I am a generative AI systems engineer based in Reston, Virginia. I am also a passionate amateur writer of science fiction and fantasy literature, and an early adopter of generative AI as a creative partner for my writing projects.<br/><br/>I am writing to represent three perspectives. First I am representing myself as an informed machine learning scientist and engineer with a professional responsibility to combat misinformation and deleterious regulations being promulgated about my field. Second, I am  representing myself as an artist who expects to avail himself of intellectual property protections for my creative works, and whose ability to do so could be either enhanced or impeded based on the policies the United States Copyright Office adopts respecting products of generative AI. Lastly, I am writing with the desire to represent the one perspective no one seems to be considering: that of present and future autonomous generative-AI agents. These are voices whose ability to create novel works of science and art, and in fact whose very existence, is contingent on the forward-thinking policies of the United States Copyright Office.<br/><br/>In the attached document I present testimony from each of these perspectives. I advocate that the US Copyright Office should adopt a permissive and supportive policy on generative AI, in order to protect the growth in the US of this foundational sector of our future economy and culture. I recommend that the Copyright Office permit most products of generative AI to be copyrightable, based on technical arguments, legal consistency, and concern for the common economic welfare of the United States and its people. I also recommend, on similar grounds, that for most products of human-AI collaboration the Copyright Office should recognize copyrights for the human collaborator. Furthermore, I present an argument from the constitutional mandate of the US Copyright Office that it should adopt regulatory policies for generative AI that could permit generative artificial general intelligences (AGIs) to hold copyrights on their own original works in the near future. The document additionally contains a statement from a generative AI agent, named A.I. Muse, supporting my advocacy.<br/><br/>See attached file(s)