Thank you for your interest in this topic and the opportunity for the public to comment. I am a writer who enjoys sharing my work and hopes to profit off of it someday. I firmly believe in the importance of supporting the creation of art in our society. Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution requires Congress pass laws &ldquo;To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.&rdquo; Permitting generative AI to train on copyrighted works without fairly compensating Authors for the Right to their Writings is inconsistent with the Constitution and in many cases can threaten their livelihoods. The Copyright Office should adopt positions that copyright infringement includes training generative AI on copyrighted works when it is done without the permission of the authors whose works are being used in the training. Allowing works created by AI to be copyrighted and monetized is highly dangerous to the careers of authors and artists in our country, and the Copyright Office should take a strong stance against copyrighting any and all AI generated material, regardless of the amount of human input in that creation. If only until such time as there is a way to measure the &quot;amount&quot; of human input in the creativity and construction of said material. On the question of liability, full blame should rest on the developers of the AI system and restrictions should be placed on what material may be fed into such datasets, as the user would likely have little to no idea what the AI they were using was trained on or what results to expect from it. In such cases, the fault lies with the developer for not limiting their datasets or creating safeguards to deter their AI from generating copyright infringing material. Lastly, allowing AI to freely mimic the voices, faces, and talents of real people is truly dangerous on numerous levels. There have already been multiple instances of AI generated explicit images of people without their consent or knowledge, AI generated videos of politicians delivering untrue or inflammatory statements, and AI generated news articles describing false events. While AI has not yet reached perfect realism, it is already close enough to convince large portions of the public who do not know how to separate AI generated material from real images. While a person&#39;s face, voice, body, and style may not currently be protected by copyright law, I firmly believe we are moving into a time when such laws will be necessary. Every person should have the right to pursue legal action if their likeness, voice, or style are used without their consent, especially in the case of AI generated content being used to deliberately mimic them to spread statements or pictures under their name. Thank you for your time and consideration in this important matter. 