I work as a textile artist in the film/TV industry, and am currently in the fight to save my job and at large, the entertainment industry. If AI companies are allowed to go forward with stealing art from artists off the internet, what will be the point in hiring me to come in and dye their fabrics, or make their costumes look old or worn? The programs will most likely just copy what already exists on film and apply it to a digital costume, rendering my position moot. That&rsquo;s if there&rsquo;s even any actors to work on, as so many companies want to scan actors once and then use their likeness in perpetuity without further compensation, rendering them moot as well. This will mean no more need for background costumers, most principal costumers but even the high paid actors will be scanned and their likenesses used. No need for tailors because if we do use actors, they&rsquo;ll just be put in morph suits, and then the internet scrapped for fashion/costumes to mash together to make an &ldquo;acceptable&rdquo; costume. Why would you need a costume designer then? The program has done the work for you. The company might hire an artist to come in and touch all of this up, but it&rsquo;s become one person replacing an entire department. And this is one department of a film/TV production. I haven&rsquo;t even touched on shoppers, coordinators, assistant costume designers, illustrators, even down to the production assistant. This is a department that usually employs, even on a small production, fifteen to twenty people. Now imagine were doing this across an entire production. Hundreds of people without jobs across one production simply because AI can again, scrape the internet for images and then mash them together. Then we come to the artists who have their work stolen. Because at the moment, AI is nothing but plagiarism software. It has only been taught to find and take images and then spit out as many iterations of the asked for product as possible, much of it unpalatable. That artist has lost not just money but also recognition, thereby losing out on future opportunities. Not to mention their artwork will probably be used in ways they don&rsquo;t agree with or was ultimately not made for. And doesn&rsquo;t this all just negate the copyright laws that exist? If big productions are allowed to steal other artists work, what&rsquo;s to stop others from stealing their products and altering it in a way that can be deemed transformative. These companies do not get to steal others&rsquo; work and then turn around and claim copyright protection. They don&rsquo;t get to essentially erase millions of jobs to &ldquo;save money&rdquo; and then claim that the output product resulting from stolen materials is then protected. The unchecked acceptance of AI in the workforce will have far reaching consequences beyond just the loss of a few graphic design jobs. At the rate it&rsquo;s &ldquo;learning&rdquo; not even the tech sector will be safe. So it&rsquo;s important to protect the copyright of artists from AI because it ultimately means saving livelihoods and entire industries.