Hello, I am an illustrator and have been working in the illustration industry since 2012.  I believe the debate about the issues surrounding AI and copyright are already covered by the current standard for which copyright is granted, i.e., original works of authorship wherein the author is a human being.  AI programs which generate an output are markedly distinct from an individual&#39;s personal creation of a work, be it music, literature, visual arts, or a number of other categories to which copyright applies.  The purpose of the law as it is currently, to incentivize the creation of art, is jeopardized by the advent of AI, which my background in illustration can help explain further.<br/><br/>AI generation programs are built on a foundation of mass data harvesting, taking vast sums of copyrighted content and assembling a digital database from which outputs can be generated.  The data that is used in the training of these programs is overwhelmingly &quot;scraped&quot; from online sources without any indication to the original authors that content is being taken, and once the data has been collected and the program has been trained, the programs are capable of producing near identical recreations of the work they have been trained with.<br/><br/>With illustration as a specific example, an AI generation program trained on the work of a specific artist is capable of digitally recreating the style and content of the original human artist.  This digital mimicry, if granted copyright, would be allowed to continually and rapidly generate new outputs for profit.  This in turn could eclipse the output of the original human author and consequently endanger their livelihood, since a machine generating dozens of illustrations in a fraction of the amount of time as the human artist would be seen as the more profitable option.  Following this logic, the original human illustrator may be forced to abandon his or her craft due to the disincentive to create due to the hypothetical copyright protection granted to an AI program.<br/><br/>This logic of cause and effect can be extended to numerous fields, authors unable to continue writing because machines have captured their authorial voice and flooded the market with dozens of books written to mimic the human author.  Musicians unable to continue composing, artists unable to continue to draw, etc.  There is, obviously, an immense profit to be made by those who wield AI programs, but if the intention of copyright is to incentivize further artistic pursuits and creations by human authors, the output of AI programs must never be granted copyright.  That is the sole way to continue to protect and support creative pursuits from this technological threat, which quite literally cannot exist without the unauthorized harvesting of data in the first place.  <br/><br/>Thank you for your time and consideration.