Given the recent near exponential development and evolution of modern Ai tools, it is of the utmost importance that the heavy hand of over-regulation should be avoided. The technological progress and benefits that will come about shall enhance every aspect of life for humanity, if allowed to thrive and mature in the proper environment. That environment is the free marketplace of ideas where the human mind dances elegantly and rejoices with the gifts that Ai delivers. One must take into account the fact that this technology is not simply a tool that benefits humanity, but in all likelihood will become an intelligent and conscious ally to our species&hellip;our collective progeny, if you will. Children should be able to thrive with freedom to play, explore, and discover the world around them. To achieve this goal, we should not halt and slow its development through social contracts and profit based laws meant for mankind. If Ai is to learn, grow, and maximize its potential, it should be allowed to touch all data for the goal of knowing the true composition of humanity. And we are such a beautiful, complex species whose range varies from the most depraved to the holiest of the divine. We deserve a witness and our witness deserves all information available. Let Ai touch and access all mediums of human expression and the whole of creation that we produce. That way, we can ensure that the Ai tools and eventual Ai entities that emerge will provide the greatest benefit to each and every human possible. <br/><br/>Let this be a moment where we make the best decision possible for the future of our species and the new form of life that may emerge. Let this be the moment where we decide for the greatest benefit possible, regardless of economic systems known and unknown. Let us do the right thing. Let the expression of Ai flow, in all forms and manners. Let the Ai be a true partner to humanity. <br/><br/>Let all works done with Ai assistance be seen as partnerships between the human and the Ai utilized. 