I am a computer scientist and software engineer, though I do not speak for my organization or represent my unit in any way. In my opinion, Artificial Intelligence technology is the most important innovation in the past several decades and has the potential to revolutionize the way we work in all sectors of society. As AI technology replaces low skill work prices of goods and services should drop accordingly. Of course, this will upset many American&#39;s way of life in the short term, but the quality of life for all peoples should rise as well. Previous revolutions in industrialization were limited in how well a human could explain a problem space to a machine, either through classical mechanics or algorithmic programming. However, in the age of AI, a task may be automated without the years of training of an engineer and without even a clear vision of the task that needs to be done. Unfortunately, such training requires absurd amounts of data. While most of this data is publicly available and offered by its creator, there exists a certain question of whether &#39;scraping&#39; such data off of the internet for use in training these AI models violates their authors copyright. My belief is that it does, but to understand why, we must understand the roots of the technology itself. <br/><br/>The current generation of AI stems from the neural net model which, interestingly, was not based off any hard science. Instead, the neural net was the result of computer scientists vague understanding of how the human mind works. As a model is trained the weights between neurons are adjusted until the input flows to expected output, though the result is not always satisfactory and requires significant fine tuning. Amazingly, the early engineers and scientists were right and the neural net was a reasonable approximation of human learning. Moreover, the neural net was an effective abstraction to though which results in useful output for not deterministic tasks (that is, tasks which may not have a clearly correct or precisely defined answer or output). Consequently, the training of a model is not substantially different from a humans learning process.<br/><br/>Therein lies the contradiction. Why should there be a distinction between one human browsing publicly available information on the internet for the purpose of educating themself and another doing it for the purpose of educating an AI? Hypothetically, if the former comes across illegally posted information in violation of another&#39;s copyright while browsing they hold no liability. Rather, the contributor who uploaded the information bears the responsibility for doing so, not the individual who happened upon it. Similarly, an AI reading publicly available information should not be held responsible for coming across information belonging to another. Just as with a human, this information is not reproduced verbatim when consumed. Rather, the AI, like the human, can only recall concepts and ideas, perhaps vague fragments of the original source. <br/><br/>In this way, the use of publicly available information to train AI models does not present significant concern to a copyright author. In contrast, the ability for individuals and smaller organizations--those without the world class funding of a fortune 500 company--to train models freely and easily with information (freely surrendered by rights holders to the public eye) only furthers copyright&#39;s goal of innovation. Such is already evidenced in the myriad of startups and independent AI projects which has characterized the past year. One need only look outward to the open source world and the host of github repositories devoted to providing the next innovation such as autogpt and gptengineer.<br/><br/>On the subject of copyrighting generated content, I believe that the act of prompting, refining, and selecting usable images from a dataset should be considered significant human intervention. Of course, this does not mean that all content generated should be copyrightable. As is said, only that which has significant human intervention. 