As a concerned citizen, as well as an artist and writer, I would like to comment by saying that Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) should be regulated and monitored in order to protect artists, actors, writers, and all other creators who would be affected by the use of A.I. Many have brought forth concerns that their works are being &#39;sampled&#39; by certain companies for the intent purpose of training A.I., and that said companies and others will use such data to create works (such as art, books, films, music, etc.) without compensating the human creators. Not all creators are wealthy, for many, they live paycheck to paycheck, and A.I&gt; threatens their main source of income, not to mention their ability to express themselves. As mentioned, many lack disposable income and having to fight a court case, say having to recognize their intellectual property or being sued by a company, such as Disney, would lead to Finacial ruin, not to mention emotional and psychological trauma for the struggling creator. There are uses for A.I. as an aid for content creators, it should not be used as a &#39;replacement&#39; for human workers, nor should it be used for what many consider to be outright theft of creative content. People are afraid of unregulated A.I. taking away their livelihoods and creativity. We as the public should not be made redundant or made to live in fear of being sued and/or made homeless. A.I. should be a tool that works alongside the human creator and aid, rather than replace. People, groups, or companies that want to sample someone&#39;s work should be required to notify the content creator what they are doing, and that said creator should be sufficiently compensated, as well as given credit for their work, and oversight so as to prevent abuse. Any individual, group, or company that violated said guidelines should be held accountable for their actions. Though the industry is still in its infancy, A.I. is being found in more and more places. This is the time to address the issue of oversight, accountability, and copyright protections for the individual creator, before the metaphorical genie is totally out of the bottle. All people have a right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and right now, many feel that these rights are under threat from unregulated A.I. Corporate greed should not and must not destroy creativity. The recent ruling that A.I. generated art is not copyrightable is a step in the right direction, but more has to be done before individual creators can breathe in peace, knowing that their works are safe from being &#39;poached&#39; and exploited without their say. 