I&#39;m of the opinion that Artificial Intelligence (henceforth referred to as AI) has the ability to be an incredible tool--a search engine for parsing through data, a more refined Boolean search, in a way--but the current understanding that certain industries aim to use AI as a replacement for real people in lieu of paying fair wages is deplorable. These are industries that have been built and preserved on the continued excellence of human ingenuity when it comes to creating art in all its mediums. From writing to cinematography to painters to Production Assistants on their first film sets, the world survives on the art we create in order to tell our stories and do the bare minimum of connecting to someone outside ourselves. Allowing companies like the ones in the AMPTP or publishing or any kind of arts related entity to replace the very people that breathe life into their projects and line their greedy pockets with AI does a disservice not only to the workers, but the community at large who looks to books, movies, music, paintings--so many forms of art--for the relief and knowledge that someone out there may understand who they are. This scope of the anxieties surrounding AI also goes far beyond just the industries dealing in the arts; I just happen to work in the arts so I have paid much closer attention to the conversations involving my work. However, I&#39;m sure the arguments from other people in their respective communities would mirror my own. We must protect the human worker by allowing them the opportunities to find work and stable jobs at a time when economic and financial security is at an all time high. We are constantly told that people are hiring, but then threatened with AI and the automation of our positions as what? Some sort of fear tactic to improve productivity? Create loyalty to subhuman working conditions? Companies have gone unchecked for far too long and one way to protect people is to regulate the allowance AI in fields that should be staffed by human people. As I said in the beginning, AI could be an amazing resource for people, but that&#39;s all it should be. Not a replacement or a solution to paying workers, but a tool to help people in their jobs. 