Hello, my name is Hum. I am an artist and have witnessed AI artwork directly impacting the business of other artists around me. Specifically, with the availability of AI artwork, individuals who would otherwise be commissioning artists are turning to AI for their artistic needs, leaving artists with fewer commissions and consequently reduced business. AI generated artwork is presently not limited in the scope of its &quot;scraping&quot;, which is to say, the analysis and usage of images, text, and all other creative works in the process of generating an AI work. I&#39;d like to see copyright laws centered specifically around not only the works generated by AI, but the works from which the AI draw from.<br/><br/>I believe that all creative works past, present, and future should be opted OUT of AI scraping by default. Submission for use by an AI should be exclusively an ELECTIVE process, and no website/entity/etc should be able to stipulate any content submitted to them be authorized for AI scraping by default. When an artist submits their work, they should receive compensation in two forms: firstly, immediate compensation regardless of if that work is used by the AI at any time; secondly, royalty-based compensation every single time the AI utilizes their work. Additionally, AI should be required to credit all artists from which any given work is derived, and this credit should be required anywhere the AI works are posted. AI generated works are DERIVATIVE works, and consequently, the copyright should still fall within the original producer of the work. In other words, AI works should not be under copyright by the owners of the AI, nor should they be licensable in any regard to any future party, as their creation itself required an original, copyrighted piece from which they were derived. <br/><br/>The laws around AI copyright cannot come soon enough. As you are well aware, legislation happens at a snail&#39;s pace in this country, and technology easily surpasses it. Decisive action must be taken immediately to set the precedent for AI to follow, as this technology will only continue to be used more and more in our daily lives for all manner of things in times to come. We need laws surrounding its use immediately. Thank you for reaching out to the public for comment.