AI models, both language models and image generation models, utilize work for artists without permission or credit and reproduce extremely similar work, once again without permission or credit. The very practice itself violates a creator&#39;s right to their own creation. More than that, the creators of an AI model can not in any way say that they should hold ownership and copyright of the works their model created. The systems and programming that these models run on are, for the most part, publicly available. The company has done no actual work to create them in a majority of cases. Also, as previously mentioned, the models are being trained on the work of independent creators without permission. There is not a single AI company that I&#39;ve seen which uses solely the creations of its own paid employees as training data. Therefore, if the input is not created by the company, and the processes to alter the input are not created by the company, how is it possible that the output should be owned by the company? AI models should not be able to use privately owned works as training data in the first place, since that&#39;s very blatantly them using a work for their own financial gain without compensation or credit, which is very explicitly illegal. Therefore, it should also be illegal for AI models to use these works as training data. After all, from a technical standpoint, these programs are not generating anything new. They are simply analyzing patterns and averages between their training data in an attempt to create something that functions as a midpoint between that data. If an AI model were trained on only one image or piece of text, it would only be able to reproduce that single image or piece of text. Therefore, the AI, or more accurately the companies running it, are literally stealing aspects from works they do not own to use for their own financial gain. If mimicking a series of chords from a copywriter song violates copywrite law (which it does, that&#39;s been made very clear in the past), then so too should mimicking the work of creators via an AI model. 