I have been online for nearly 20 years and have mostly used it for networking, appreciating content with others, and supporting the creative community. While creatives have always dealt with theft and plagiarism online, never have I witnessed these things occur on such a large scale since the introduction of generative ai. For over a year I have encountered at least one incident a day where ai prompters have taken someone&#39;s art, writing, music, coding, voice, and even facial features and used them to produce the most unpleasant garbage I&#39;ve ever seen. Not to mention all of the deepfake pornography (many of which included minors), ai voice scams over the phone (60 Minutes recently did a segment on this), and inaccurate political ads (Ron Desantis just loves pushing these out to trick every poor citizen in Florida). All of this was done without these prompters gettingconsent or giving compensation to the original creators. Generative ai is greatly damaging not only the economy for creatives, but for all job markets. There was an online theraphy site that fired all of its staff in favor of an ai chat bot, only to shutdown said bot one week later after it started giving weight loss advice to patients with eating disorders. I wish this were something I made up, but it&#39;s not. Even if the chat bot had worked, would anybody want go out and seek psychological advice from an algorithm? No, they want advice from someone capable of expressing compassion and empathy. Somebody who can understand. A human. But with each passing day I feel as though these techbros and corporations are trying their damnedest to dehumanize society and force people to embrace this ill conceived technology and forgive it of its sins from cultural theft and job loss...all for the sake of lining their pockets. Even as I type this comment now writers and actors are currently fighting for their livelihoods as they wish not to be replaced. Does it sound right to have a future generation grow up with media that had no genuine human passion put into it? Sure you&#39;ll have those who&#39;ll say that it&#39;s just a job and that people never nor should put heart into them, but those writers and actors have been striking for over 100 days. That tells me otherwise.<br/><br/>So now I ask of you, plead even, to regulate this technology. Force the companies to delete of the training data and start over with only public domain information. Don&#39;t let the companies who own it do it themselves. They&#39;ll only twist the rules around in their favor. You must listen to creatives on this issue and I don&#39;t mean those big shot CEOs from Disney, Universal, Netflix, etc. Ai can and will have lasting effects on the world, so, instead of having it go unregulated and dumb down society&#39;s intelligence to its level, make it regulated and ethical.