A.I. &quot;Art&quot; is the antithesis of everything that we artists are. Human beings are driven by passion. The art that we create is a reflection of the human soul. When creating their Artificial Intelligence driven software, they, the companies and software programmers, made the distinct and intentional decision to steal the work of living artists to train their software. That work was taken without consent and without compensation or even an offer of compensation. It was stolen. <br/><br/>I am a traditional Illustrator. I draw with my hands and create artistic images using skills I have developed over decades of practice. Decades were spent dealing with my own personal issues that relate specifically to being a living human being. As a human being, and as an artist, I feel as if I am being raped on several levels by the existence of images created through the use of A.I.-driven software. It is an affront to the human condition. It takes from us artists the most intimate and passionate form of expression that we have created, steals it away from us, and is then utilized by someone else, without our consent and often our knowledge, and then sold. They are making a profit off of the work of not just myself, or just people like me, but they are profiting off of the theft of potential millions of artists and human beings. This is not only unethical, it is not only theft, it is akin to raping our hearts, minds, and souls. They are taking our work and leaving us feeling broken. They are selling our work and we are not being compensated. The fact that A.I. exists at all and that so many people have been completely fooled into believing that it is some kind of new tool is an illogical conclusion. It is theft of our work. Theft of our passion. Theft of our ideals. Theft of our essence. Theft of our time. Theft of our ability to learn and apply what we have learned through our individually unique vision and skillsets to bring that vision into the real world. It is the theft of everything that we are within and the theft of what we could become without. A.I. will only continue to grow towards the eradication of the artist as the individual and unique living human beings that we are. Legal action must be taken to help protect the works of living artists. Without us throughout history, there would be nothing beautiful left to appreciate within all cultures, traditions, and belief structures throughout the world.  It is our work that inspires new generations to create. To advance our people. To advance and remember the world that existed before, and it is our work that offers hope for the world to come. My name is Timothy Joe Himes and I do not, nor will I ever, consent to have any of the works that I create used to &quot;train&quot; A.I. I do NOT consent to have everything that I am as an artist stolen from me. I do not consent to have any works of art that I have ever created, nor will create in the future, be stolen, or taken from me, without my knowledge, and without my consent. Ever. My work should NEVER be used for any reason, for any purpose, or for any use, in conjunction with A.I. software. 