Reilly Brown
Reilly Brown Studios

www.reillybrownart.com
Comment submitted by Reilly Brown to the Copyright Office's study on AI

Hi, my name is Reilly Brown, I'm a professional comic book artist, and
I've got to say, watching the effects that generative AI is having on
the art community has me totally stressed out!

Thank you for taking the issue seriously, and for being open to input
form the public. Copyright has been there to protect us artists in the
past, and now that the landscape is changing, hopefully it will continue
to be there to protect us into the future!

Question 1: how AI models should use copyrighted data in training

I think AI models should require the written permission of the copyright
holder before they add any image to their training data. They should
also provide a complete and searchable database of all the images used
in their training model, so that artists can know where and when their
artwork has been used, and by whom. The programs should also provide
information on what AI-generated images the original art was used to
create, so that artists can see what their work has been used for.

I've read reports that Adobe is working on a system that provides
information like this, so if it's possible, I see no reason why other AI
companies can't implement something similar.

Question 2: whether AI-generated material can be copyrighted even
without a human involved

I don't see how or why. AI artwork isn't created by any actual people,
so if there's no labor involved in creating the images, what's the point
of protecting them?

Trademark, sure, but not copyright.

Part of the reason artwork needs to be protected by copyright is that,
with the labor involved, the amount of images created by any one person
over the course of their life is relatively finite. This is not the case
with generative AI. In fact, while trying to get an image that meets
their needs, and AI user will generate multiple iterations in round
after round of image generating before they get what they're looking
for-- all in the course of a few minutes. This conceivably makes it
possible for someone to "IP squat" and just generate tons of images, in
any number of different art styles, in an attempt to corner the market
on a certain subject matter.

If this is the direction things take, then copyright no longer becomes
about protecting the labor of artists, because with AI there is very
little or no labor involved. It becomes about protecting people who are
fastest at generating images, and the cynical interests of people who
want to stifle the creativity and job opportunities of human artists.

Question 3: how copyright liability would work with AI

When it comes to who should be liable for AI that infringes on peoples
copyrights, from my understanding there are three important parties that
should be held responsible--

First, the person who put an artist's copyrighted image into a database
that doesn't have permission to have that image.

Second, the company that owns the program that uses that image without
permission as a basis to generate new images. If the company doesn't
share information on where they get the images, then I think they adsorb
the liability of that first person as well.

Third, the person who publishes or otherwise distributes those generated
images, who will in some way great or small, profit from the image
that's based on the work of the original artist.

This third person, of course, should also be held liable for the usual
copyright issues-- such as if the image too closely resembles other
copyrighted work, etc.

Also, not for nothing, but I think requiring permission from the artist
before their work can even be placed into an AI database would make the
work of the Copyright Claims Board much more cut and dried!

Question 4: AI violating publicity rights

Can style be copyrighted? Generally it's been though that, no, it can't,
however I think that's something that should be reconsidered. If you
look at both the way people use generative AI and what the AI is capable
of doing, it's hard to ignore that style is something that probably
should be protected.

Generative AI is showing that a given artist's style is recognizable,
duplicatable, and in demand by an audience.

Artists spend years developing their style, and it is difficult for
other human artists to willingly mimic them, and even if someone is able
to credibly fool an audience once or twice, they rarely can do it
reliably-- for instance, in the comics industry, many, many artists have
tried to mimic the styles of popular creators like Jim Lee, but still
Jim Lee's work is immediately recognizable as his own, and each of his
imitators work is recognizable as THEIR own. Perhaps a newby wouldn't be
able to spot the differences between Jim Lee's X-MEN and Art Thibert's,
but to any comic book fan the recognition is immediate.

However, AI CAN believably and reliably mimic artists to an extent that
we've never seen before-- and we've seen that users of AI are actively
seeking to do just that by using artists names in prompts again and
again. This shows that artists styles are, in fact, recognizably unique
and in demand, and I think that makes them things that the artists
should be able to protect.

If an AI program was trained on the full catalog of the work of Mike
Mignola, and could reliably generate images that looked just like they
were created by him, and it was marketed and sold as being able to give
it's customers the ability to do just that, what's to stop them?
Shouldn't Mike Mignola be the only person who can control that?
Shouldn't it be HIS right to sell a program that uses HIS work to create
images that are designed specifically to be in HIS style?

Isn't that exactly the type of unfair exploitation that copyright was
designed to protect artists from?

We've never had to consider these questions before, because people
didn't have the ability to rip artists off in this way before. But with
generative AI expanding what's possible, they can, and they are, and
they're going to keep doing it, and so we have to consider how does
copyright expand to fit this new reality.

Since AI expands what is possible for people to do, copyright needs to
equally expand what it protects.
