As a ML practitioner, I almost wholly oppose copyright protection for content generated by machine learning (ML), also somewhat misleadingly known as artificial intelligence (AI), on four inter-related grounds:<br/>1. Content generated by ML involves tremendously less new human input than content generated purely by human effort. With current ML/AI technology, the content output is the result of a complicated mathematical operation that regurgitates a mix of existing content, using a trivial amount of human input as a seed to begin the regurgitation. Allowing copyright on a mix of preexisting content which is regurgitated extremely quickly will not encourage effort in generating valuable content, but will likely encourage a race to generate as much variation in ML content as possible to receive copyright protection regardless of value or merit.<br/>2. The input to a ML model involves much less insight to or specification of the final product than actually writing a book or taking a photograph. When writing a book, every word is generated within the author&#39;s mind to fit the progression of the larger narrative. Taking a photo, despite usually being a much shorter process, involves: searching out a worthwhile scene; choosing the exact framing from which that scene should be captured; and adjusting the exposure, focus, white balance, and filters to change a viewers perception of the details. In contrast to traditional works which receive copyright protection, a person generating a prompt has comparatively little insight or input into the resulting content from a generative ML model. With minimal creative input generating a mathematically-defined output, there seems little value to protection from copyright of any such content.<br/>3. Even the little new human input there is to a ML model may be automated away in a process that erases that shred of creativity in favor of velocity. Prompts to a ML model can themselves be automatically generated by a ML model or a traditional computational algorithm. Would it be useful to offer protection against duplication of an essentially infinite number of photographs taken without human input, or of all possible combinations of 5 or more words generated by an algorithm? I believe copyright protection of procedurally-generated content is antithetical to the goal of promoting creative efforts.<br/>4. It seems implausible to maintain the core value of copyright protection if a ML model can be trained to generate effectively infinite variations on existing creative works via a poorly-recorded training process combined with mathematical operations. If this becomes accepted as a valid form of generating creative content, do any of the preexisting creative works still have effective copyright protection? If any new work appears to violate the copyright of an existing creative work, it could simply be claimed that the new work was the output of a ML model not trained on the specific work at issue. This would be an extremely difficult assertion to disprove, allowing almost any work to both claim copyright protection and to claim it does not violate copyright despite overwhelming similarity to another piece of copyrighted work known to the supposed creator. The most feasible path to avoid this seems to be that output of ML models can not have copyright protection.<br/><br/>The only case in which I see value in copyright protection involving ML-generated content is if it can be shown that the ML-generated content was simply a starting point for human creativity, which may leave some traces of the starting content. I believe, in fact, that if copyright is to retain any value in the future, the process of legal protection must necessarily evolve to incorporate proof that the creation process was primarily human.<br/>