Machine Learning, or alleged &quot;AI Generator&quot;, algorithms are a minefield of unsolved problems, with the potential to permanently damage and ruin entire industries and generations of we don&#39;t impose legal guidelines for what they can or can not get away with. The entire industry has grown under a &quot;Build Fast, Break Fast, Profit from the Ashes&quot; mentality, where much like the famous quote from the fictional Dr. Ian Malcom, they were so focused on what the programs could do they didn&#39;t ask themselves whether they should. Countless creators, artists, authors, actors, and other people in trained fields have produced evidence on a daily basis that work that was solely created by them, thus the sole owners of the copyright of their work, had said work be captured by &quot;AI Generation&quot; corporations and groups without their knowledge, put through the machine, and the product was nigh identical to their original work. Or in rare cases, the estate and those who survive deceased artists had to demonize the products that were created using these algorithms, as they clearly used likeness of artists or their works as a generative basis for performances, artwork, or written products without the blessing of those who carry their rights, and sometimes in opposition of the beliefs and messages that the artists upheld. Would anyone on the Democratic Party like a podcast where an AI Generated Obama called the Genocidal Practices of Hitler &quot;Personally Admirable&quot;? Or someone on the Republican Party have a viral YouTube video where Reagan claimed that we needed to destroy borders, allow free travel of anyone of any country into our nation, and limit every corporate executive to a wealth cap of $2 million? Or would everyone in Congress be comfortable if anyone could make a file where their voice said that they were planning to cause harm to the President of the United States? Like any upstanding, moral citizen, I doubt any of us would like to have our autonomy, individual freedoms, and personal safety infringed like that. But in a world of unrestrained Machine Learning programs, such products would be highly replicateable by a lowly individual, including myself, using only a computer and time. So to protect our nation and our people, it is of the utmost importance to make it so Machine Learning Algorithms must learn from an individual&#39;s product where the creator has given full consent and blessing, with the understanding of what products it may be used for, and allowed to put limits on what products the Machine Algorithm can make. 