I am an artist and writer working in the US animation industry and a member of IATSE Local 839, a labor union which represents thousands of animation workers like myself. Generative AI poses an existential threat to our careers because it provides a very clear opportunity for our bosses to shrink their labor costs and maximize their own profits.  AI-generated material does not currently match the hard-earned skills and talents of my peers, but studio executives do no care about quality; they care about making a product that is just good enough to make money even if it&#39;s to the detriment of the consumers and workers. Because myself and many of my fellow workers are considered contractors, the studios own all of the work that we create for them and they will very likely create their own proprietary datasets and AI tools without our consent in order to displace us entirely. We should absolutely have the right to object to our work being used to create tools that will decimate our craft and wipe out entire careers. If corporations and studios want to use AI tools, they should be required to inform their workers, acquire consent, and provide compensation. The WGA had to strike for over 100 days in order to win protections against AI in their contract and SAG-AFTRA is still on strike at least in part to combat the studios&#39; use of AI tools to replace their workers. It&#39;s very likely that the IATSE will have to strike in order to achieve similar contract language because the studios see a huge cost-saving opportunity and would rather the industry come to a screeching halt than relinquish any profits that they aren&#39;t forced to. Workers are not the only people hurt in the process of replacing us. Consumers should also have the right to know if the media they watch was created by humans or AI tools. Storytelling and human artistry were not problems in need of solving. These are not jobs that can or should be done by machines. Consumers want to watch animated movies and shows made by actual people who have important stories to tell.