Any and all types of works created and/or generated by Artificial Intelligence or A.I. should never be copyrightable. This is because A.I. doesn&#39;t really create anything and instead really just takes works created by humans. In order for an A.I. to &quot;create&quot; something it needs data of whatever its user requests. This data is taken from anything and everything created by humans. Spanning from works of an individual creator/writer/artist/etc. to the works owned and managed by large corporations. Those who have had their work collected for the use of A.I. have never been asked or informed in any way this is happening. This leads to people not being properly credited for the use of their own, often copyrighted, works but also not being compensated in any form. This is often done by setting up/creating a program whose sole purpose is to comb through the internet in search of any kind of data (like artwork) so it can be compiled and fed to an A.I. These programs almost always have the ability to sift through large amounts of data to find the specific kind needed. A program can be set up to search the internet for images related to a specific type of artwork like watercolor paintings for example. This program searches websites for examples of watercolor paintings: like from an art-selling website, an artist&#39;s online portfolio, and a post on a person&#39;s social media page. This data (the artwork collected) can then be taken and given to the A.I. as a data set. Using this data set the A.I. can &quot;create&quot; images that look like the chosen style of work wanted. In this case in the style of a watercolor painting. However, the A.I. is not actually creating anything. Instead what it is actually doing is taking all the data (the artwork) given to it, and mashing it all together to generate something that looks close to what was wanted. This is often why you see A.I. generate images that have odd details like humans with too many or missing features. It&#39;s taking all the data it has and mashing them together until it gets something that vaguely looks right. As it stands right now no A.I. is able to create anything, all it can do is take works created by real people and mix them together until it gets something close to what it was prompted to &quot;create.&quot; Essentially A.I. is not creating anything, but instead works created by humans are being taken (often without permission or knowledge) being mixed together until something that looks close enough is generated. There is no creation, just a more complicated form of theft of people&#39;s works combined until through random chance one gets a mish-mashed combination that looks close enough to what was wanted.