AI generators (example being Stable-Diffusion or Mid-Journey) have fed millions upon millions of copyrighted works of art into their databases. No AI focused company has ever compensated any artist, they take works from, to train their models, which states obvious conclusion; that AI generated images can only go so far as the works they base themselves on go. Which can be considered, and is, theft. AI companies also charge their users for generating images from databases full of stolen work, which is nothing else but exploitation of work. and free labor of artists that did not give consent for their work to be used for this cause. If an individual steals and artwork and tries to sell it, sell work that doesn&#39;t belong to them and that they don&#39;t have copyright claim over, it&#39;s called theft, and it&#39;s punishable by law (per Copyright and fair-use law). So it only creates a question, why is this not applied to AI focused companies? If they are also, stealing and taking artworks of all kinds of medium and using them for their own profit, artworks they don&#39;t have any rights to, artworks they didn&#39;t compensate any artist for. <br/>Because of the raise of AI use to generate images, many people have been scammed, have been lied to, are impersonated. Artists spend their lives working on their craft, building a community online or around them, why should it be allowed for AI focused companies to take it from them and start raising profit? It&#39;s nothing else, and will never be anything else but theft and copyright infringement. <br/>I applaud for stronger copyright law, one that protects artists from their work being taken to train AI models on, and one that creates legal consequences for any company that uses copyrighted artworks to train Artificial intelligence image generators. All AI generators should be re-trained (all their data-bases deleted and only fed copyright free images), so that no artist is victim to this theft, and for their work to always be protected by law. <br/>In my honest personal opinion; AI image generators should not be legal at all, and no company should be allowed to create them and provide them for the public to use. Never have I seen so many copyright laws being broken, morals ignored, and people thrown into dirt, like I have seen with AI image generation community. It only creates narcissistic, self-centered and lazy environment, that people loose themselves in, forgetting our true human nature to create, to be creative and expressive, and to respect the work and art of one another. It&#39;s a truly awful thing, that we can only fight with stronger copyright laws, that forbid any company or individual to use copyrighted work for their AI models, for their advantage and profit.<br/>Human work should always be the highest value to us, and should always be protected by all means necessary. And any, and ALL, individuals that will try to use it without the artists consent, wherever to train and generate images with AI, or for any other personal, profit-gaining use; should be punished by law.