I believe AI should be used for things other than hobbies (hobbies including programming games, drawing, designing anything, and writing). This is because I believe AI should be used for the benefit of society and not to replace human things like designing clothes or making games for other humans. This is because humans know each other best and because a unique skill of humans is to create and invent new things. AI is not able to and should not be able to. However, I do understand that AI can be used for things like being an assistant and I do have some things that I would like AI to be able to do automatically, like automatically doing calculations for me, monitoring people automatically through cameras, and even automatically diagnosing people in a professional, healthcare standpoint. These are the &ldquo;other&rdquo; I had mentioned earlier. If things like this could be freed up from the average person, energy could be devoted to other things, like hobbies or researching on new topics AI does not know about. In addition, I understand that AI can be used to give others an opportunity to be able to do things they usually cannot, like art, from a lack of skill. However, as childish as it seems, I feel that this is unfair. For people who have worked on their hobbies for years, decades, maybe even as soon as they could move around, it is unfair, like seeing a person cheat their way up the ranks in a job by lying on a resume. That is also why I believe AI should be limited for hobby related things. Total removal may not be necessary, but it should be kept like an assistant who only stands by and gives its thoughts and tips on a matter. In addition, use of it should be limited. For example, many people have tried to pass off AI-made items as their own, ranging from generated homework assignments to even generated artwork being sold as the users&rsquo; own creations. One of the examples given, homework is an example of something that is limited or prohibited. It is usually limited in the form of AI generated writing. If that can be limited, why cannot the other forms of AI be as well?  It can come in stricter rules and assessments on the work being submitted to use, like nonsensical asymmetry in fashion, strange code in programs, and checking for strange inconsistencies in hands, hair, ears, symmetry, or backgrounds in visual art, for the examples of hobbies I listed earlier. In addition, limiting AI can also be in limiting its growth by using the image glazing program program made by people at the University of Chicago so that it is harder for art-stealing AI makers. This concludes my opinion on the use of AI. 