To whom it may concern:

I am writing in response to the Notice of Inquiry regarding Copyright
and Artificial Intelligence. I am of the opinion that, in its current
state, the use of most generative A.I. systems is an obvious violation
of copyrights, on a massive scale.

The simplest argument I can find in favor of my cause is this: It has
already been decided that rights of authorship will not be granted to
machine generated works for lack of human authorship. Why then, are we
even debating about extending to them the rights of Fair Use? Is fair
use not a right granted to human authors to use parts of another
author's work under certain circumstances? If a machine has no rights of
authorship, then it should go without saying that it has no right to
fair use.

But lets put that aside, and get a bit more complicated. Consider the
attached image of Mickey Mouse someone generated with Stable Diffusion.
Everything about the image that is recognizable as Mickey Mouse was
copied directly from training images scraped from the internet. It is
probable that the vast majority of those Mickey Mouse images were
Disney's copyrighted Intellectual Property. Meaning someone deliberately
programmed the A.I. to infringe on Disney's IP. The only reason it knows
how to depict Mickey Mouse is because it was programmed to manufacture
images of Mickey Mouse. It is my understanding of copyright that Disney
alone should have the right to manufacture images of their IP, or to
program a machine to do so. Am I wrong? And if no copyright can be
granted to A.I. images, does that mean that A.I. users can flood the web
with public domain Mickey Mouse images? Whaat effect does THAT have on
Disney's rights?

A.I. generated images seem to spread quickly. I've seen dozens of
facebook artist groups get inundated.Within weeks you have to wade
through dozens of A.I. images just to see a single non-A.I. image. And
soon after that, the non-A.I. posters stop posting, and the group is
just hundreds of A.I. generated images every day. Given that level of
rapid proliferation, it is easy to imagine Disney being rapidly
overwhelmed with so much IP infringement that they would lack the
wherewithal to properly defend it. Single artists and smaller concerns
are already facing that situation. A.I. is already making it harder for
human artists to reach an audience. It is already flooding the discourse
so much that it is devaluing the work of actual humans.

Or consider the case brought by Getty Images v Stability A.I. Getty
licenses their image catalog for creative use. Stability did not pay for
the use of Getty's images, in fact they used watermarked images to
"train" their A.I.. That's a flagrant violation (in my opinion), but it
doesn't stop there. Getty has enough images, and the wherewithal, to
create their own image generator, trained solely on their images, that
they could sell access to. They have been denied that now, by Stability
using the Getty catalog without permission. Getty clearly has the right
to chose which image generator (if any) can be "trained" with their
copyrighted images. And if Getty does, if Disney does, then doesn't
everyone whose works of authorship were used without permission? I
certainly think so.

On the topic of appropriate levels of transparency and disclosure with
respect to the use of copyrighted works, my opinion is as follows: It is
my understanding that these systems are modified
compression/decompression algorithms. That in addition to storing
compressed versions of the training images, they also save metadata for
each image (or relevant group of pixels) to let it know for instance
what portion of the image represents the word "car". (I understand it
treats text data in a similar fashion). It should not be difficult
therefore, to require metadata be stored stating the author of the
original work and license status, for the purposes of calculating that
author's contribution to a generated work and compensating them
accordingly. I would imagine that well known authors and artists might
opt for a different license, one where if say, you wanted a painting in
the style of Frank Frazetta, the Ai user might pay a seperate fee per
image generated, that would go to the Frazetta Estate. IIt should be a
system that recognizes, benefits, and rewards authors of original works,
not a system that takes advantage of them for the financial gain of a
small few.

For after all, the founding fathers included copyright in article 1 of
the constitution "To promote the progress of science and useful arts".
So we need to ask ourselves if we want to continue to promote HUMAN
progress by creating a system where human creators benefit from Ai's use
of their copyrights, or do we want to promote machine progress by giving
them the power to infringe on human rights with no consequences? Do we
build a better future for humans, or for robots and their coprorate
masters?

I'm on the side of the humans. For purely selfish reasons.

Sincerely,

Lazlo J. Luongo
