I write to you in concern over the systematic and thoroughly illegal harvesting of artist&#39;s works for generative AI. There is no discussion for ethical use here - these mechanisms do not provide insight, they simply offer reshufflings of other people&#39;s work gathered unlawfully and without their consent. The developers of this software regularly admit to the reality that these are just lossy archives of existing works. There are verified archives of the heads of Midjourney and Stability AI discussing breaking the law, owning and generating illegal child exploitation materials, infringing upon the intellectual property rights of private citizens. They may work in tech, but these are truly not smart people. The USA&#39;s failure to even enforce its own laws against the companies they&#39;ve allowed to illegally jeopardise livelihoods, personal privacy and safety, and even future elections is stultifying. You should be so sunk so deep into shame as to weep until the end of your days and on thereafter. The only reason these systems have monetary value is because they steal the work of others for free. Slavery by any other name. They do not offer insights on the data they contain- they are dead archives of other&#39;s property reshuffled, but always fundamentally derivative works. They are not a form of automation nor a tool - drawing parallels to vehicle assembly does not function when the workers you are displacing own the cars, their plans and the factory around them.  No amount of compensation will ever be enough- there simply isn&#39;t enough money on the face of the earth to pay out the literal thousands of trillions of dollar of licensing owed. A valuation of a few billion on the market is pennies to the colossal national earnings lost to produce work worth less than the sum of its parts. The notion that work cannot be removed from these algorithms is also laughable - it&#39;s just expensive. If your business model loses $700,000 every time it has to comply with a DMCA letter, or a request to remove the child pornography from your dataset, you don&#39;t have a business model. No &quot;profit-sharing&quot; or structure of &quot;residuals&quot; where a company is allowed to redundantly intercede between artist and audience will ever be acceptable - we saw how that went with the music industry. Consent is the only way this works and no-one, truly no-one is consenting. The cure for cancer won&#39;t be found in making cheap AI paintings or deepfake pornography of politician&#39;s families or ripping off novelists to make knowledge libraries uselessly full of misinformation. That the US government lends an ear to thieves telling them otherwise without a second thought is beyond embarrassing. The entire structure of this technology goes against the very founding principles of the nation to be abused and robbed in this way - even the constitution makes clear the right of a person to the extended interests of his written works without exception. Why can a modern, more advanced, more educated government not even manage these basics and stamp this counterfeiting out?