Hello, my name is Stephen Mack. I&#39;m an artist and graphic designer currently living in Indiana. I&#39;d like to comment on the use of copyrighted material, especially visual art, to train generative AI models, and whether the products of such models can be copyrighted under any circumstances. First, I agree with the recent decision to deny copyright protection to AI generated images without proof of substantial human input, but feel more specificity is needed. Applicants for copyrighted status of an AI generated image should supply the Copyright Office with project files (Photoshop, Procreate, etc.), video documentation of the creative process, and all prompted images generated by AI prior to human alteration. These should demonstrate decisively that the vast majority of the process involved meaningful human skill and intention. Excluding satisfactory proof, applications for protection should be denied. Images generated without human agency should definitely not be granted copyright. Secondly, any use of copyrighted material or personal information to train generative AI models without the owner&#39;s explicit and informed consent should be categorically illegal. By consent, I mean an informed response by the artist to a direct request from the owners of the model for permission to use their work to train the LLM, along with an offer of fair (ongoing royalties paid to the human artist, not a one-time payment) compensation. Because this is a new and unprecedented technology, the defense that companies like Midjourney are entitled to use millions of people&#39;s intellectual property simply because &quot;They gave consent to the platforms hosting their content to use their data, and those sites didn&#39;t prohibit our trawl&quot; or &quot;It was too difficult to obtain consent from each artist, so we just used their material anyway&quot; are greedy, lazy, and should be punished. Entities like these have not been shy in stating that they have not informed, compensated, or contacted any artist whose protected work they used to train the algorithms now threatening those creators&#39; livelihoods. Furthermore, the current &quot;opt-out&quot; policy of companies like Stability AI for more recent versions of their image generator, Stable Diffusion, are as insufficient as they are insulting. These companies should have an &quot;opt-in only&quot; policy. Still, even if they did, the damage to many artists has already been done, since existing models cannot &quot;forget&quot; data they&#39;ve been trained on. Those artists should be compensated for every image generated by AI that was trained by their IP. The current laws establishing copyright are woefully inadequate to account for the capabilities of this new technology; the argument that the fair use doctrine, as defined today, should apply to the products of machine learning models on the grounds that they are &quot;sufficiently transformative&quot; fails miserably to account for the debt they owe to the countless people whose art made the existence of the software POSSIBLE. We aren&#39;t talking about one person&#39;s art being &quot;just different enough&quot; from somebody else&#39;s to be legal; We&#39;re talking about corporations making vast revenues from technology that could not exist without the millions of images obtained without consent from the artists now forced to compete with them. Copyright law should be updated to reflect the enormity of the disadvantage artists now suffer against the companies making a killing on their hard work, and at their expense. If copyright law doesn&#39;t change to protect human authorship, and instead legitimizes the use of living artists&#39; work to train AI art generators so Sam Altman can buy his seventh yacht, then the US Copyright Office is not only useless, but culpable. It exists to protect creators&#39; rights to control how their work is used, to guarantee their fair compensation and to protect them against commercial exploitation. Looking at the current AI art landscape, we can see that human artists were given no say in how their work was used, they were not compensated in any way, and now many of them are facing grave financial uncertainty as a result. In light of all this, any LLM trained on copyrighted artworks without explicit consent - Stability AI, Midjourney, DALL-E, etc.- should be subject to algorithmic disgorgement. They should be forced to compensate the artists whose work they misappropriated to train their current models, and those models should be erased. They should be forced by law to start from scratch, training only on artwork licensed to them explicitly for that purpose and compensating fairly all cooperating artists, like Adobe claims (falsely?) to have done with Firefly. They should also be forced to update their models to include definitive, reliable proof that the images generated using their models are artificial, a kind of &quot;digital watermark&quot;. The companies behind these AI image generators are in egregious breach of the principles of copyright and intellectual property. Please side with the artists. 