I am incredibly concerned about AI software as it currently stands. The large data sets that many AI platforms are trained on often contains intellectual property, like books, artwork, photographs, music, film, and even the voices of public figures. Someone can use AI to steal someones creations, trademark style, or even impersonate them saying something they didnt say. I have seen AI software companies getting exposed for training with people&#39;s private information, like medical records and ID photos, which were easily sold to the companies by a third party. I have seen countless books for sale on Amazon that were written using chatGPT, with fake credentials giving dangerous advice, for example a foraging guide telling readers that countless deadly plants were actually edible and advising to gather these plants and cook them for yourself or your family. To someone with little knowledge on the subject, these books look entirely authentic. It is only a matter of time before someone purchases one of these books through Amazon, thinking it is a legitimate book with correct information, and dies from the advice, possibly bringing their family with them. I have also seen countless news articles with AI generated &quot;photos&quot; in them, often paired with the headline if not also peppered into the body of the article. It is occasionally easy to tell that they are AI generated due to small errors, like the text on a graphic tshirt not being in a real language, or multuple people in a photo having a blurry extra finger. But often it is legitimately difficult to tell if something I am looking at is made by humans or AI. And that brings me to my biggest concern; AI created child pornography is a terrifying concept to consider, for multiple reasons. It has already begun to show up on the darkest corners of the internet in high enough volumes that multiple organizations for combating child sexual abuse have spoken up about it in multiple parts of the world. Some of the reports have explained that some of this AI generated child pornography is obviously not real, while others look so convincing that even experts in reviewing this type of material for investigations cannot be certain. That means that the AI softwares being used for this purpose have been trained on datasets including actual child abuse, and it means that its been trained on a significant enough amount of it to be good at replicating it. It also means that the abuse for the children in the original training data never stops so long as these softwares are learning how to mimic their trauma for child abusers consumption. It also means that soon, as the numbers of this material continue to grow and advance in realism, it will become very difficult to track down actual abused and traficked children due to the large amount of false leads and dead ends. There already aren&#39;t enough people working these cases to save nearly enough children from this fate. If they can never be sure that what theyre viewing is even real, the amount of child sexual abusers that escape justice will be even higher, as will the amount of children who should never have to live with that kind of a burden. The amount of child pornography will go up, and so will the amount of abusers hidden in the flood of false positives. Its a win-win situation for child abusers, and once that threshold is crossed we cannot go back.