We must regulate generative AI. The implications of unregulated AI pose significant threats to our social structures, our government, and to the people of the United States as a whole.<br/>Over the past year, as AI technology has improved, there have been instances of more realistic representations of people, both through visual media as well as AI voicing. Actors, writers, and artists have gone on strike in unprecedented solidarity, because generative AI is becoming convincing enough that we may not be able to tell the difference. <br/>When deepfakes became possible, it was readily apparent through social media that bad actors intend to use the technology to skew the election landscape and to destabilize our trust in governing institutions. The past eight years have shown that misinformation is effective, and that our social and governing institutions are vulnerable. We have proof that the 2016 election was interfered with by Russia. We have seen that misinformation has convinced many Americans that the COVID-19 vaccination is dangerous. It is known and observed that misinformation poses grave danger to our society, and we must readily admit that more compelling and convincing misinformation is on the horizon with generative AI.<br/>On a more individual level, it should be of great concern that AI is already replacing artists and creators. Art is something that separates humans from other species, and aside from the cultural and social implications of having less artists in our daily lives, it poses economic concerns as well. Homelessness and inflation are growing issues in our society, and allowing generative AI to displace people from work serves only to worsen our socio-economic conditions.<br/>When cellphones became readily available, they completely changed the way our world worked. This technology will likely do the same. In its near-infancy, it is already capable of reproducing speeches, books, music, and people. If left unchecked, how long until this becomes a utility for domestic and foreign terrorists? How long until our politics are dominated by fictitious yet convincing recreations of real political candidates? How long until this technology is used to manipulate and scam our elderly and those with disabilities, or to blackmail others? How do we protect our judicial institutions from false evidence?<br/>We, for the sake of our people, and of our national security, MUST regulate generative AI. We must regulate it swiftly, and we must regulate it heavily. Corporations must not be allowed to create and use such powerful technology without oversight or consequence. They cannot be allowed to profit off of the works of tens of thousands of artists and writers. They cannot be given free reign to explore and develop these technologies. If we do not act decisively in regulating AI, we are choosing to open Pandora&#39;s box and leave the security of our future in the hands of chance. We would be foolish and irresponsible to pretend that this great technology does not have dire consequences if left uncontrolled.<br/>We have a responsibility to be good stewards of new technology. If properly regulated and controlled, AI may prove to be the next great leap forward in human capabilities. It will likely be invaluable in developing technologies to help deal with climate change, food scarcity, disease, and much more. But we must act responsibly.