I will adress each question on the order put in the notice of inquiry
and leave blank the ones I choose not to respond.

General Questions

1.

2.

4.

5.

Training

6.

6.1.

6.2.

6.3.

6.4.

7.

7.1

7.2

7.3

7.4 Yes it is. Many AI generated images showcase one or multiple
recreations of recognizable watermarks/signatures from the images they
were trained on. In the case they are clear enough it is perfectly
posible to track the author of the original work. This is substantial
proof that the AI was trained in an especific training material. Another
way to identify is the model is train on certain work is trying to use
the name of a creator on a prompt to see if the AI recognises the name
and therefore demostrating that it was fed information on the creator of
set training material. However this second method would likely hold less
weight than the first one mentioned above.

8.

8.1.

8.2.

8.3.

8.4.

8.5.

9. I think it would be less problematic to give copyright owners the
option of affirmatively consent since it would ensure that the use of
those images is by choice and not a lack of awarness or other instances
that could happen if the only option avaliable is to opt out.

9.1. Consent on the use of copyrighted material should always require
consent when used for profit/comercial purposes. On the Copyright Office
Faiir Use index it is more likely to find for-profit and/or comercial
purposes to be unfair use of copyright materia. However even its clearly
pointed out that not all comercial uses aren't fair when talking about
AI especifically they are since the AI by itself can't add new purpose
or meaning to the results since it does not have the cognitive capacity
to do so. Therefore regadles of how the images are used they all by
desing serve the purpose of taking profit from the copyrighted work and
harms the current market for the owner's original work by mass producing
similar media for these unfair purposes.

When talking about the nonprofit use of copyrighted training data few
exeptions can be done as long as they are private to prevent the misuse
of the AI for other purposes that do harm the person that holds the
rights to the copyrighted material. For example the use of these work
for the private nonprofit research on AI woldn't really be a problem as
long as this status does not change.

9.2.

9.3.

9.4.

9.5.

10. There are many ways avaliable to recieve the necessary consent for
the use of copyrighted matirial. It can be done on a similar way in wich
AI companies have started to allow copyright owners to tag their work as
not avaliable for AI training. By allowing copyright owners to tag their
work as avaliable for those purposes and training web crawlers to only
target material that has been tagged that way.

It can also be done by collective licensing under a management
organization.

Other ways of licencing would be to individually ask for writen consent
from the copyright holder but that would be more complicated to do on
such a large scale.

10.1.

10.2.

10.3.

10.4.

10.5.

11.

12.

13.

14.

Transparency & Recordkeeping

15. Idealy yes and yes.

15.1. With just enough information to clearly identify the original
copyright holder by name and/or a link would be suficient. More measures
can be done but wouldn't be obligatory.

15.2. To the general public in order to maintain transparency on the
legality of their actions.

15.3.

15.4.

16.

17.

Generative AI Outputs

18. A human can't own an AI generated images under copyright law since
the traditional elements of authorship were produced by the machine. The
factors in witch the human can influence the magine towards a general
result (such as selecting the material it is trained on and/or providing
an iterative series of promps) are not enough to claim authorship. These
imputs don't require any substantial skill or creativity by the human
and it meelry guides the machine towards a general direction but the one
independently assembling the image itself is still the AI. AI can by
used as a tool but it is not a tool in the same sense as for example a
pencil is. The quality of the results you can get with a pencil will
completly depend on the skill, time, effort and creativity of the person
using it but anyone using an AI no matter how experienced they are can
get great results since the AI does the work for them.

In order to be eligible for copyright the part of a piece made by an AI
needs to be clearly modified by a human. For example in a comic in wich
the images are AI generated but the text is created by a human the human
will own the rights to the text but will not own the images themselfs
since they where made by a machine with no further significal
modification. In order for this images to by valid the human should show
a clear effort to modify and transform each one of them into their own
original work. This will vary from case to case but the more AI
generated material exists in a work the less elegible for copyright it
will be, with images produced by AI by themselfs with no human
modification not being under any circumstances copyrightable.

19.

20. The protection of AI generated material by itself is not desirable
as a policy matter because AI is not human and therefore does not hold
the right to such protections. No, protections of the work made by AI
isn't necesary to encourage the further development of the systems. AI
is a very powerful tecnollogy with a very big potential that will raise
interest on its development without the need to change and/or violate
the current laws to allow works of non-human origen to be copyrighted.
Therefore existing laws are more than enough to provide sufficient
incentives.

20.1.

21. No, since it clearly states that a work needs to be made by a human
to be copirightable. It wouldn't be necesary, to promote the advance of
science encouraging the learning and further testing of the AI itself
(within the legal restrictions) would be enough without necesearly
having the work made by the AI itself be protected by law. Furthermore
the already existing laws on the copyright protection for computer code
are already sufficient incentives with a more clear focused positive
impact on the advances of science itself. When it comes to art,
violating and/or changing the existing laws would potentially do more
harm than good to usefull arts in the long run.

Infringement

22.

23.

24.

25.

25.1.

26.

27.

Labeling or Identification

28.

28.1.

28.2.

28.3.

29.

30.

31.

32.

33.

34.
