AI-generated works cannot and should not be copyrightable. US copyright law only applies to execution of ideas (hence why ideas themselves, concepts, and titles cannot be copyrighted). Much like a Title, AI-generated works are simply a collection of words. There is no execution present, because no human thought or organization has gone into the process. Moreover, AI is NOT generating any material at all - it is simply plagiarizing from existing material. Much like if I copied and pasted chapters from known works, cobbling together a novel that consisted of Chapter 1 from Harry Potter, Chapter 2 from The Great Gatsby, and changed all the names to be consistent so it seemed like &quot;new&quot; characters - it is simply copyright THEFT, and should not only not be copyrightable, but should be prosecuted if a person or firm attempts to profit off it. <br/><br/>Currently copyrighted works are being used to train AI models at NO compensation to the authors or artists. In any other industry, the stealing of someone&#39;s material work (and business) without compensation would be criminalized; only because AI is shiny new technology is everyone turning a blind eye. AI needs to be restricted to only being allowed to train on works fully in the public domain, and/or works that have been provably written by employees of the company developing the AI (work product). AI already in existence that has used author materials without compensation should be made illegal and pulled from availability. The fact that single words have been utilized here and there is like someone taking a penny from every bank account - perhaps not missed much at the time, but when the recipient is a billionaire at the end, the US government would, in fact, freeze those ill-gotten funds.<br/><br/>AI needs to be taken much more seriously by the federal government and acted upon quickly. The Writers and Actors strikes that are currently ongoing are easy evidence how much this issue will affect American jobs, the economy, and cultural/creative output. Students in higher education are already using it to write papers, get into colleges, and pass the bar. Without strict and immediate regulations, we truly risk an America in which the ability to use the written word in an effective manner is lost--whether because there is an over-reliance on AI, or because they cannot make a living at it, or because studios and businesses rely on AI-generated material rather than original works, and people no longer know what quality work is anymore. Moreover, those profiting will exponentially be the technology companies and major corporations, forcing middle class workers into un- or under-employment, exacerbating the income inequality crisis that is already fueling American unrest. This is an area that needs to be HIGHLY regulated and highly restricted in its availability and use.