I&#39;d like to focus my comments purely on the issues of when and how AI training models should be permitted to use copyrighted works of any kind, as while the issue of whether the creations of an AI are copyrightable is interesting, I interpret it as being primarily an intellectual issue. The usage of copyrighted works to train AIs is, if anything, treated far too much like an intellectual issue for our current situation. Evolving technologies are difficult, and the development of AI technology is of obvious scientific interest, but I can not in good conscience see the current usage of real people&#39;s intellectual property to develop a technology that many expect to later supplant those creative jobs if allowed to continue unchecked as anything less than a fundamental breaking point in our intellectual property laws. The idea that the usage of people&#39;s creations and artworks en masse is acceptable because it furthers technological development would only be legitimate if the developers of this technology had nothing to gain from supplanting those very people in their own industries. As it stands, AI developers are openly and brazenly taking works created by people they have not even attempted to gain consent from, and using it to develop a business model that will only hurt creative industries as a whole. <br/>In my eyes, the only responsible legislative response would be one that permanently severs AI systems that are for profit at any level from access to intellectual property, leaving only what is either within the public domain or is specifically given to those developers via a contract of some sort with the copyright holder. Anything less than this leaves artists and creators of all kind to watch as the clock runs out on their careers, with no protections from the very systems designed to defend and incentivize creation of works of all kinds. The idea that the nature of this technology justifies the dismissal of all existing defenses for intellectual property holders is disingenuous and ahistorical - it is no more a legitimate argument than to suggest that a photograph of a painting can be sold as a new artistic work because it used a different process to produce the same results. This is most blatantly the case when dealing with AIs specifically designed to imitate specific people, but it applies more broadly as well. <br/>An AI is not a person, it is not reading to gain joy from literature and therefore developing its own personal interest in writing, or any other discipline a particular AI is dedicated to. It is a system, without consciousness or will, designed by people who must be made to adhere to the same laws that any other person would be expected to adhere to regarding the property of others. The very fact that we refer to them as AI is a deceptive misnomer, using a term we once used while imagining artificial consciousness to refer to a system of merely blending the works of real people together and spitting out a facsimile of them. Such a system does not have its own rights or mind, it is a tool, and the mere fact that you are using a tool does not make it permissible to behave in manners that were illegal previously. <br/>I understand that there are major developments in technology to be made, and I am not asking that we halt all possible research in this area. But if the people designing these systems are truly dedicated to the pursuit of science rather than profit, surely the usage of works old enough to have passed out of any form of legal protection would be sufficient. After all, while an AI may not be able to imitate a modern painter by studying the great works of the Renaissance, surely for it to imitate a painter at all is impressive. And if we merely wish to test whether AIs can imitate real world images, surely the massive variety of images posted to the internet without being claimed by someone who took or created that image for profit would suffice. As I see it, the only legitimate reason that this would not be sufficient to test the technological limitations of these systems would be if one was, for example, attempting to mimic modern artists in hopes of gaining a portion of the profits available to those producing art that is popular with modern consumers. And if that is, indeed, the true purpose of these systems, than I hope we can agree that a for profit system designed to benefit the creator financially is subject to any and all laws constricting what said creator would be allowed to use for their own creations for profit, as is only just. <br/>I thank you for your openness to people&#39;s opinions on this matter, and I hope you can arrive at regulations to protect the people whose livelihoods depend on the security of their creations and intellectual property.