As an illustrator, AI has been extremely concerning and is a technology in desperate need of regulation. Although my specific field (scientific illustration) has not been significantly impacted due to the AI&#39;s inability to truly produce thought and evaluate scientific accuracy, I have watched it affect the art field as a whole and am concerned about its use for misinformation and intentional theft. <br/><br/>This comment pertains most strongly to question 6 and its subsets (training), question 9 and subsets (opt-in), questions 23 - 27 (infringement), and question 28 and subsets (labeling or identification).<br/><br/>The Copyright Office should continue to prevent AI-generated materials, or the AI-side of AI-and-human blended projects, from being copyrighted, and should furthermore allow the original human artists/authors to place copyright claims against AI models and systems. The entire premise of how AI text and images are generated depends on it pulling data from copyrighted work. At the current time, the major AI programs all rely on millions upon millions of copyrighted sources, from both living artists who did not consent, and from deceased artists who cannot voice consent. Although all of human creativity is influenced by other works before us, a computer is not able to adequately judge what it is doing and responsibly deem its product as being too close to the original source or not&mdash;it does not have that capability and decision-making skill. It has been shown time and time again that you can use AI generators to reproduce nearly exact images and text in their data sets (question 12). A human creator who made a bad judgment in that regard could be held accountable, so we must hold machines similarly accountable when they contain stolen, copyrighted work. <br/><br/>We must also hold accountable the sources that bring these images into a dataset, and the people that use them. If an artist can make a copyright complaint about another website or artist stealing their work, and there are legal ramifications for not respecting that artist&#39;s copyright, why is there not protection against machine scraping? It is also not acceptable for websites to allow blanket use of AI scraping in their TOS, putting artists at risk of being scraped on any site they use; given the complexity of opt-out and that artists may die, stop using a site, or may have their work reposted without permission, it is not feasible for creators to use an opt-out system. That is simply the website allowing copyright infringement because it is the easier or less legally sticky path for themselves. I myself have attempted to opt-out of every opportunity I have found, but I have no way to guarantee that my work has actually been removed per my opt-out, and I have no way to guarantee my work was not scraped elsewhere without my identifiers to search it by. All AI sets must become affirmatively opt-in in order to eliminate copyright concerns.<br/><br/>Additionally, the individuals who are generating AI work and are attempting to copyright it do indeed have creative thoughts, but thoughts, concepts, and ideas alone are not copyrightable. They are simply using a tool to get those thoughts on paper, so to speak, but that tool&mdash;as already discussed&mdash;is an absolute copyright nightmare. &quot;I want to make a picture of abc in the style of xyz&quot; is a wish that now has some legs, not a significant artistic input. The use of theft-based tools to document a thought should not result in a protected, copyrightable work. Whether these individuals should be held responsible for the theft depends on the purpose. The responsibility lies, certainly, with the companies who develop the data sets and make them available to consumers. Whether users are liable should depend on whether they are producing images for personal non-commercial use, or are attempting to directly copy another individual, or are producing images for commercial use. Generating work in an artist&#39;s style without permission takes money from their pockets and removes agency from their creative process. Personal non-commercial use should not be prosecutable, but the latter two should require licensing or penalties.<br/><br/>Furthermore, AI imagery should be labeled in any situation where the reality or humanness of the image or text would be significant context. For example, any photograph claiming to be representing a real life political event; any website containing health advice; any art entered into a contest. The declaration must be made by the creator, with penalties for not disclosing misleading information.<br/><br/>To be clear, I am not wholly against AI. I think it could provide a useful tool for human artists. However, I think that tool must be rendered ethically, without using stolen data. If AI cannot survive on ethical data&mdash;that is, creative commons or opted-in data sets&mdash;then they simply should not exist at all. The Copyright Office should not sit by and allow copyrights to become utterly meaningless.