1. I believe the risks for generative AI technology in the arts are enormous and cannot to be understated. Within society there is a &ldquo;culture of creativity,&rdquo; the nature of which depends largely on the process required to create art, and consequently the types of people that the arts attract, both as creator and audience. This is a culture that celebrates the experience and mystery of being human. It&rsquo;s this culture that governments around the world, for countless years, have considered worthy of protection for the benefit of humanity.<br/>Generative AI technology alters the process to such an incredible degree that it&rsquo;s no longer the same thing, no matter how similar the result of that process. The motives are different, the people are different, and the mental processes involved in consuming the products of generative AI technologies are different. It is no longer the same thing. Furthermore, the economic ramifications of such a technology&mdash;that it disincentivizes clients from hiring actual artists&mdash;amount to this: artists are discouraged from existing. Instead of being paid to create art, artists are put out of a job and must find work elsewhere, work that consumes much of their week. Young people, faced with the possibility of a world where generated imagery is nigh indistinguishable from art, will be less motivated to learn how to paint or write. Generative AI is a threat to the culture of creativity itself, a culture which has been with us since the dawn of the species, that has been, in strong opinion of myself and many others, a force for good in the world. <br/>There is also the issue of thinking. Already the advent of ChatGPT has seen rampant rise in cheating throughout schools and universities. On the Google Trends page, the search history for the term &ldquo;ChatGPT&rdquo; correlates with the beginning and ending of the school term. It&rsquo;s not difficult to see the problems presented with a technology that is designed explicitly to produce a result while bypassing the process, and these problems extend far, far beyond the classroom. The newness of the technology presents an additional danger: it means the true harms threatened by its existence are subtle and difficult to spot, and by the time the world realizes exactly what has happened, the damage will have been done. Of course it&rsquo;s not the job of the Copyright Office to remedy every societal ill, but in this case the technology has been built on millions of copyrighted materials, with the express purpose of rendering the creators of those materials economically obsolete.<br/><br/>18. No. No matter what, the vast, vast majority of the work will have been completed by the Generative AI technology, which is a non-human (as well as non-sentient) entity. With art, for instance: when any artist begins an illustration, they always begin with a blank piece of paper. After that point, any line they draw, any color they select, is a choice. There are quite literally an infinite number of choices involved in the creation of any work of art, because any line they didn&rsquo;t draw, any color they didn&rsquo;t use, is also a choice. The complexity involved in the creation of any work of art is immense, which is why each artist has their own recognizable style. Every second, an artist navigates an infinity of possibilities to create something out of nothing. It is this process which makes art art. The same of course goes for writing.<br/>A Generative AI user, no matter how many choices they make, will always skip such an enormous majority of the process that that work can no longer be called theirs. Demonstrations seeking to legitimize generated imagery as art usually begin with generating an image as &ldquo;a foundation,&rdquo; and then fiddling around with it, either through over-painting or by selecting an area and re-generating it until it comes to something they like. But even this does not even begin to approach the complexity of art. A &ldquo;foundation,&rdquo; which is usually written off in these demonstrations as inconsequential, already would require an immense amount of choices from a traditional artist. Posing, lighting, linework, composition, brushstrokes, color palette, and infinitely more elements have already been pre-determined by a machine. Yes, a generative AI user may edit the image, but there is a reason that the author of novel is credited on the cover, not the editor. The act of creating something out of that blank piece of paper, and the pure infinity of choices involved in that process, is what lends the arts its significance.<br/>