Machine learning models should be allowed to train on copyrighted data. The fair use doctrine of copyright law allows human creatives to draw upon copyrighted work for inspiration when creating a new work, so long as the work is not a direct or near copy of the original work. This protection should be extended to machine learning models for the following reasons: (1) The process by which ML models learn to make creative works is analogous to human learning. (2) The act of learning to make creative works by studying others&#39; copyrighted works is considered fair use. The process of learning and creating is not subject to copyright law, only the final product of the creative process can be copyrighted. (3) ML models are themselves an expression of human creativity and ingenuity, as they are built by human scientists, and thus the training of these models should be considered a creative process. (4) The product of that creative process, the models, fall under fair use since the model is not a derivative of any individual copyrighted work, but is rather a separate work that draws upon copyrighted work to learn (see point No. 2). (5) Only the output of these models, which can mimic human-created and copyrighted works, has the potential to violate copyright law and only if the output is a direct or near copy of a copyrighted work. In summary, the training of machine learning models on copyrighted data should be considered fair use because the models are not a derivative work, rather they are a learned algorithm/creative process for generating works.<br/><br/>Assuming that training machine learning models falls under fair use, the question of how to treat works generated from these models remains. Here, copyright law is clear: the use of a copyrighted work for financial or reputational gain is a violation of copyright law. It thus seems prudent to enforce copyright law when an actor uses a direct or near copy for any activity that does not fall under fair use, regardless of whether said actor used a machine learning model or a human creator to copy the work. In the case where an actor infringes copyright law using a separate entities&#39; machine learning model to generate copyrighted work, liability should fall squarely on the actor, not the separate entity, so long as said entity did not encourage the actor to use the model to violate copyright law.<br/><br/>When crafting copyright regulations with regards to machine learning models, please keep in mind that banning the use of copyrighted data to train models would have a severe and immediate impact on the machine learning community. In the worst case scenario, entire models would have to be deleted and retrained. It is not at all clear if these models could be retrained without copyrighted data since the scale of the data used in training is so large that removing the copyrighted data from the datasets and retraining would be prohibitively expensive and impractical. Thus, overly aggressive enforcement of copyright law would harm the livelihoods of the scientists that create these models and the consumers that rely on these models. Thank you for reading my comment, and I hope the copyright office can find a solution which protects creators while also allowing machine learning scientists to innovate and push the frontiers of this nascent field.