I am a professional SAG-AFTRA actor, musician, and ASCAP songwriter of more than 12 years whose speciality and focus has predominantly been voiceover work in animation series (Transformers) and video games of popular franchises along with TV and radio commercials. I believe that artists need protections and safeguards against the threat that Generative A.I. poses to their craft and livelihoods. Generative A.I. steals and regurgitates the original work and imagination of hardworking artists like myself without properly crediting or benefitting artists and their labor. At this very moment, many personal friends and colleagues of mine in the professional voiceover space are having their vocal likeness stolen and replicated without permission and against their will while lacking recourse to protect themselves and their likeness.<br/><br/>One of the many reasons we SAG-AFTRA actors are on strike is to curtail studios attempts to perpetually own our performances to train and reproduce our performances with A.I. systems which would deprive actors of the future earnings we deserve. They have already tried inserting clauses that would give them possession of our performances and want to continue to do so in the future. <br/><br/>A.I. generated work should not be copyrightable because it plagiarizes the actual work of real artists who honed their craft over many years and injected their life and personal experiences into their art. While I&rsquo;ve been working professionally as an actor for 12 years, I&rsquo;ve been training to do so for 20 years, almost my whole life. Works generated by A.I. are an unearned and lifeless imitation of artists who have spent years cultivating their craft and skills. <br/><br/>Unfettered and unregulated, the use of Generative A.I. would be destructive to every artist&rsquo;s livelihood and, like in instances where individual performances are stolen and replicated, personal and artistic identity. I strongly believe that the Copyright Office should endorse and Congress should enact legal protections for artists and their original work against Generative A.I. Thank you for your time.