I am greatly concerned about the rise of generative AI without effective guardrails and protections in place, and what it means for myself as a writer and other creatives. AI being used in the development of creative works as a replacement for real human beings is greatly concerning. I am a writer - I write professionally and privately. It is part of who I am as a person. I am deeply concerned about the use of copyrighted material being used to train AI datasets: copyrighted work should be protected, and should never be used to train AI without the consent of the copyright holder. It is tantamount to stealing and plagiarism in my opinion. Copyright holders work hard on the copyrighted material, to see it ripped off without consent is deeply concerning and disappointing. <br/><br/>I do not believe material created with generative AI should be copyrightable - it does not take effort or even that much time to plug a few words into an algorithm and create material. That material is created based on and using stolen copyrighted materials. We don&#39;t accept or copyright works stolen from the copyright holder by other humans, so why are we accepting it in our AI algorithms and data sets? There is no effort or creativity involved in using AI to write a story, or create an image - not like there is when done by a human with thoughts, feelings, emotions, and varied understanding of our human existence. AI can never capture that. In my opinion, AI trained on copyrighted materials without the copyright holder&#39;s consent OR PAY is tantamount to copyright infringement and the people who developed the AI data set should be prosecuted as such for copyright infringement. It is no different than stealing someone else&#39;s hard work. As far as imitating the style of individual artists or creators - absolutely not. That person created their style through years of hard work and effort. An algorithm scanning that work and copying it in a matter of seconds or minutes being considered legitimate has absolutely lost the plot.<br/><br/>I believe AI has a place in our world - it should be replacing the mundane jobs humans do that can easily and safely be automated. AI does not in any way belong in creative spaces. Nor should AI in any form exist without effective regulations, data privacy protections, and guidelines to restrict it&#39;s use. In it&#39;s current form, AI is being used to replace humans who need those positions, whose livelihoods depend on their creative works, just to make already obscenely wealthy individuals even more wealthy. For the sake of this country, for the sake of our future, AI in it&#39;s current form desperately needs regulation and boundaries. 