I think that AI in general needs to be regulated, and starting with the copyright issue is a good way to begin that process. I think the reality of the situation is we are currently going through a recession. People are angry, fighting is incessant and nonstop and pretending that is simply a product of culture wars is na&iuml;ve. The very building blocks are collapsing, people have uncertain futures and dead end jobs with no meaning. I say as someone who very much can envision my own future; I was born into privileges and will be able to find a well-paying job that is also emotionally satisfying to my own talents as an individual. Most people do not have such an outlet anymore. This is why we see the societal collapse currently taking place, at the end of the day we are merely animals not evolved with the capabilities to fully function in this all work - no play situation we have built ourselves into. Human beings need creativity and self expression to feel whole, when there is no time to be able to unwind enough to engage in such things, the body and mind will both begin to deteriorate over the years, and your unhappiness with your situation will lead to self-destructive and anti-social behavior, and this is wide scale. Allowing the very few creative outlets still open in our job market to be taken over by AI will lead to even more decay. And let&#39;s be clear; so long as the cheaper option is available without regulation, companies will pick that option every time without fail, and this will only become more appealing as AI becomes better able to replicate human communication and artistic expression, after all, AI doesn&#39;t complain like a human might. <br/> <br/>Of course for the government, that means less people being able to convince themselves their job is meaningful, and their inevitable emotional breakdowns will lead to them not being able to come in at all. Humans can only take so much. Of course that affects the economy, it also affects crime rates because that is human nature. Leave people with nothing, they will lash out. The adoption of AI into creative outlets leaves behind only purposeless work (especially when we see companies trying to also break into things like educational fields and social work; does that only leave behind retail, fast food, factory jobs, physical labor and the like?) and if we already see issues springing up because of how many people feel that burden, why would you allow that despair to permeate even deeper into the culture? We already see distrust and dissent rising, why prove everyone right? The future could be different.