If I copy somebody&#39;s art, that is a creative choice (although it may violate copyright). AI (in terms of procedural generation) is not capable of that, so it may not even be accurate to say that AI copies art. Any creative choices on display by AI are the creative choices of the original artist. If I take a collection of images and rearrange them that is not enough change to make it my copyrightable art. If I were to put all the pieces of art in a box and shake them up, then spill them out, that would not be a creative decision by the box and the box could earn no copyright. Could the creator of the box? Could the shaker of the box? Would it change anything if the box shredded up the art first?<br/>Copyright is meant to protect the financial interests of the artist by protecting their creative choices. The original artists whose works are fed into the AI are making creative choices, the creators of AI models are making creative choices in forming the AI, and the users are making creative choices by generating and regenerating until they find an appealing arrangement of procedurally generated pixels. The procedure is generated by the creative choices of the original artists and the programmers, so any copyright protection should favor them more.<br/>If all the art used to train the procedures is public domain, then the result should also be in the public domain. If a librarian uses a novel way of shelving books, the library does not become the copyrightable art of the librarian.<br/>If all the artists, the programmers, and the user of the generator create a contract to rearrange their art by the use of a procedural generator then curated by the user, then the copyright (if granted) should belong to the artists and the programmers by default; I do not believe there are any laws declaring curation to be copyrightable? If I am wrong, then include the user in the default copyright. It will be the onus of the collective to prove they have only used their own art to earn copyright in the first place, and should any of the pieces of art in the resource pool age into public domain, all of generated art will enter with it.<br/>As procedural generation is a new and unanticipated technology (if you were not already in the tech fields) it should not be grandfathered in to any old licensing contracts. A new contract that specifies AI should be required to grant AI usage rights.<br/>I anticipate the net effect of all these ideas to be that procedurally generating copyrightable art will be wildly impractical unless everyone involved from the beginning was making the creative choice to make and train a procedural generator AI. 