My name is Katherine DiSavino. I am a published playwright, and film and television writer. Most recently, I wrote for an Apple TV show called Silo. For the past four months, I have been on strike as a member of the Writers&#39; Guild of America, fighting to make my profession sustainable for future generations of writers. And part of that fight involves protections against A.I. We live in a world driven by the bottom line. Corporations, eager to pocket millions of dollars for themselves and their shareholders, will do anything to save money -- often at the expense of the humans who work for them. AI poses a dangerous threat to many industries in America, but I am here to plead the case specifically for the art of writing. AI has never held a child, lost a parent, broken up with the love of their life, or laughed so hard it cried. AI has never touched warm sand, or has gotten caught in a thunderstorm on their way to work. AI is a thief. A plagiarist capable of scanning the blood that writers have poured out over centuries, and shuffling it around to regurgitate a derivative, lesser version of &quot;art&quot; on demand. It is not creating anything. It is stealing. It is stealing my words and Neil Simon&#39;s words, and William Goldman&#39;s words and on and on it goes. And it&#39;s enticing to these companies that I and 11,000 of my fellow WGA members have been battling for the last 4 months... because you don&#39;t have to pay a machine. The studio CEOs imagine a world where they can input a few key phrases: &quot;Rom com! Three brides! Drunken mistake!&quot; and a machine spits out a draft of a script in under a minute. Maybe they hire a writer for a week or two to &quot;clean it up,&quot; or maybe they film it as-is. Either way, they&#39;ve saved themselves money and that&#39;s all that matters, right? Forget for a moment how incredibly insulting this is to the audience artists are here to entertain, provoke and encourage to think. Forget the fact that this would destroy the livelihoods of professional writers who have spent years, decades, honing their craft. The simple fact of the matter is that art comes from experience. From the lives we live and the dreams we have. These machines are generating text on the backs of the human beings whose works (often without their consent) were fed into an algorithm to teach AI. It isn&#39;t real. It is robbery. We MUST regulate AI. Not just in the field of creative arts, but in every field. Because if we don&#39;t, the heads of corporations will grow richer and richer, and the workers of this country, the artists, the dreamers, the teachers, the laborers, will be discarded. You don&#39;t have to pay AI a salary. You don&#39;t have to pay into a health or pension fund with a computer. There is no overtime to worry about, no sick leave. And in a country that, more and more lately, seems to hate its citizens and pass legislation to harm We, the People -- it seems that AI is the inevitable final nail in the coffin of the workers of America. Please protect us. Protect the dreamers, the writers, the artists, the teachers, the laborers. Please legislate this technology so that it cannot harm humans and the human experience in order to line the pockets of 1% of the population who already have more wealth than any of us could ever even imagine. Please choose human beings over profit. Please, please help us.