AI is as much an advantage as it is dangerous. Hiding away from the possible benefits, it brings, and not embracing immanent change in order to handle it properly hinders progress. As for the question on Copyright in AI art: Photography used to be a novelty and not considered art for a long time. AI is here to stay. One way or another. Not that I particularly like it, but Big Tech asked no one. So we have to deal with it. AI will be normal. The prompt itself is a lot of work. I once wanted to make empty Mandalas. It took me weeks to perfect that prompt. The final prompt did not contain &quot;Mandala&quot; at all, but things like stained glass, and superflat, alongside black and white, high contrast, and other similar words.<br/>Just because it is easy to get extraordinary results, does not mean, it is easy to get specific results, as of now. We all know that military research is always at least a decade ahead, and with exponential growth of AI maybe even (feelingwise) centuries. So the pictures generated will improve drastically and fast. Me making empty Mandalas might only take the prompt &quot;Empty Mandala&quot; in the future. We are not there, yet. And certain chymeric structures, and creative ideas, might be really hard to implement on AI for some time. I imagine it, and would need a Neuralink Brainscan to input it on AI. I see the Cyborg future, which is distinct from being human. Cyborg is Cyborg, is not Superhuman. Cyborg is downgrade, is the future which sends back those who figured, you can&#39;t take shortcuts. But it can be interesting to explore.<br/>If AI art is copyrightable, what are the future outcomes? If it is not, what are the implications of that? Outcomes are neutral. I have done evil with good intentions.<br/>Maybe you can copyright a prompt. Is the concept of copyright obsolete? It is a foundation of modern society. China copies best, but lacks ability to create latest high-tech. China is a paper dragon. Dragon nonetheless. Savage tribes lack the concept of cleanliness and feed chicken industrial waste. Nature is a cycle and takes care of it. Other cultures have different concepts of property. When it was evident, women cheated men on being a parent, and the lie of spirits being the father came out, it only affected the globe because of the concepts humanity lived by, then. A properly aligned humanity can handle AI. What alignments are already inherent to our society, and must only be interpreted as such? What future would it entail? Is it good, bad, or evil? Evil harming all, bad harming few, but benefiting some. Actions must be founded in wisdom, as this leads to a prospering western society. Not greed, and not lobbying.<br/>Copyright is applicable if a great novelty is made. Patents cost money to maintain. I am not saying, the solution is easy. Simple solutions require most complex thoughts. Price and value is determined by society. Similarly conventions. Spin doctors can alter both. If it sticks on its own, without further reenforcement, it was a valid solution. (No revolution because of the solution). Constant manipulation uses up the material. What do artists want? Compensation. Where can this compensation come from? AI art, sold. If an artist is mentioned in the prompt, a certain percentage is to be delivered from each sold unit. That is easy.<br/>LLMs can determine how much percentage certain terms cut into artists&#39; names. &quot;Comic&quot; cuts into Disney and Marvel. So with the prompt &quot;Comic&quot;, you have to pay a percentage (determined by LLM on how much it is) to Disney and Marvel for each sold unit. You had also work to do. So you get some money to keep. Both want to profit in the end!<br/>It will be necessary to provide evidence of origin on all things, you have, if you do it like this. Data heavy. Innocent until proven guilty. Humanity lies too much for it to work flawlessly. Advertisement is not sold but AI art is used for advertising. Additional fees for AI ads to pay the artists?<br/>if the art was free to visit before, and inspiring, i would want to be inspired equally for free from AI. also it could be interesting and enhancing (for all concerned) to know what artists are similar to the prompt. this would be a great tool anyways, and would make the artists more known. AI art optimization, SEO. More percentage in money for being an artist. Blockchain automatic money transfer. One world currency, or BTC/ETH/... Make sure all feel well. NFT can be sold over and over. Percentage to the original artists each time of transfer. For until... patent expires. Mona Lisa is public. Rider Waite is public. Free.<br/>possible solution, where all are served. only an idea. not proven in reality. not seen it work, nor not work. be considerate.