There are two problems with allowing artificial intelligence generated content to be copyrighted: the input and the output. The input is nothing more than entering values into an algorithm. The output is created by the algorithm, not a person. No single person should be given a lengthy exclusive to use specific input (eg cat in a hat) or whatever the output renders. And not just because the input is nothing more than a description of what a person hopes will result in the output desired, but because the same person entering the same input may not generated the same output at a later time or using another artificial intelligence generator. It might seem logical that the output might be something that could be covered by copyright, it needs to be said that the output is nothing more than the results of the input being ran through an algorithm. Given the input is nothing more than a description of what a person hopes the algorithm will generate, one person should not be given legal recourse for anyone who uses the same input, or even similar input, and receives the same or similar computational output. If I want to generate an image of a cat in a cowboy hat, there should be nothing preventing another person to generate a similar image of a cat in a hat, especially if the algorithm decided that it would use a cowboy hat as the hat in the image.<br/><br/>The algorithms used to used to generate content should not be granted copyright protection either. Any algorithms used to generate any sort of outcome should only be granted patent protection. Arguably, this type of algorithm could be granted patent protection, because it is not relying on algorithms that occur naturally (eg a + b = c, a + a = 2a). While an artificial intelligence algorithms likely will include portions that rely on natural mathematical principles, it also undoubtedly includes portions that are made on assumptions and interpretations of the input. It is these assumptions and interpretations that would qualify the algorithm to be protected by patent law.