I&#39;ve been an AI art hobbyist for about one and half years now. I generate new AI art weekly, mostly with the local version of Stable Diffusion, and on the NovelAI website. I prefer them, since they are unrestricted, and allow for making Anime style images, which I find more appealing than realistic style. I believe, that training AI models with openly available data should be allowed, even when it is copyrighted. However using those AI models to infringe on copyrights and impersonate other people should not be allowed. AI tools allow for a whole new avenue of creating new art. You can easily ensure that the created art is new and original, by yourself taking an active role in the creation of AI art, by having a clear concept in mind when making it, and by having a desire to make something new and transformative. AI image generators are a tool that anyone should be allowed to use, and you can use it to make anything assuming you work with the limits and quirks of the model. The two main features of AI art are in inconsistency and in the loss of control. By giving some of the control on the final image to the AI, the artist can iterate a lot faster on their ideas and save a lot of manual work. The base inconsistency allows for a wide variety of similar results, of which the AI artist can pick and combine the best ones. This works especially well on more abstract style models, where lines are visible and the colors are clear. This loss of control is also why I don&#39;t see AI artist replacing regular artist as much. Even though AI art is great for inspiration, being able to get exact and clean results is much more valuable when working for someone else. Lot of the art I see on twitter is AI generated now, but I also only follow people who don&#39;t spam my timeline, and have found a style that resonates with me. Same as with regular art, it helps only to share the art you are happy with, and support the people who make art you like. Most of the AI material will get lost and forgotten in the internet, but in some cases it can still make new projects possible, and get new people to create art. Most of the AI art I enjoy is also from Japan, which I assume is planning to take a more allowing approach towards AI models and AI art. The processes are still ongoing, so I can&#39;t say for certain. I have also seen many Japanese people form a small community for creating and sharing AI art on X (twitter). Most accounts have around 1-5 thousand followers, and they often share AI art under &quot;#AIイラスト&quot; and &quot;#AIアート&quot; hashtags. When someone reaches a milestone, others tend to post AI art with flowers in the comments as celebration. Other common trend is to post AI art while wishing &quot;Good Morning&quot; or &quot;Good Night&quot;. It brightens up my day too, whenever i see it. There is no hint of malice about these AI artist, and the art they make tends to be wholesome too for the most part. The model I see them use most often is #nijijourneyv5. With more abstract AI art the mistakes of the model are also easier to fix and ignore, which keeps the quality of the art high (in my eyes). Both AI artist and the tools have also improved a lot during the past year. People can make their own &quot;Loras&quot; and &quot;Hypernetworks&quot; on their own PC, which can be trained on either a specific style, or specific content (for example a character, pose or clothing). These should be fine too, if they are either for personal use, used as a part of original art or fanart, and are not used for criminal purposes like impersonation or making pirated content to sell. The &quot;crime&quot; only happens when the model is used wrong. There is also some worry about AI art being used for porn, but I think that should be OK too in the above case. I am more worried about my freedom of expression. Even though I don&#39;t live in the US, the decisions you make will be felt everywhere, and as such matter to me too. AI art is also not a part of my &acute;daily income, and I believe lot of people are waiting for things to settle more first before committing into anything larger. AI art still gives me a lot of hope as an artist, as I finally feel like we are living in the future. AI also enables people to easily experiment and rediscover new styles, and it could potentially even make for a new golden age of art. The AI art tools won&#39;t keep getting better unless they are used. Also as a final addentum, I have not made any money with my AI art, as I am just a hobbyist, and I find generating AI art enjoyable as a way of self expression. The &quot;local version of stable diffusion&quot; I have is free to use, but required a powerful GPU to run well. I do still believe artist should be allowed to make money with the AI art they have made with generative AI as the tool. There are ways to do this with services like Patreon and Fanbox, but not having copyright would be a huge barrier to any use of AI on greater works. It would be a missed opportunity. Note that I specifically talk about AI image generators in this comment.