21. Does the Copyright Clause in the U.S. Constitution permit copyright protection for AI-generated material? Would such protection &ldquo;promote the progress of science and useful arts&rdquo;?&thinsp; (52) If so, how?<br/><span style='padding-left: 30px'></span>The Copyright Clause of the U.S. Constitution, found in Article I, Section 8, grants Congress the power to enact copyright laws &ldquo;to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.&rdquo; This is to encourage progress and the development of knowledge. By allowing creators to financially benefit from their work, they are incentivized to publish and share their creations. While we are all influenced by those that came before us, as humans, we cannot process terabytes of data in seconds and synthesize it into a transformative work. Additionally, there is the requirement in Copyright Laws around the world that works be human made. Courts have historically not granted copyright to works generated by non-human animals (Naruto v. David Slater et al.), supernatural beings, natural forces, and computer programs. Creativity is a core trait of humanity, are we ready to cede our defining trait to a computer? <br/><span style='padding-left: 30px'></span>Protecting AI-generated works under the copyright clause is a case-by-case basis. Since these Large Language Models can process information at a higher rate than humans, by ensuring copyright on their outputs, one could argue this promotes the progress of science. Pharmaceutical companies and university research labs are experimenting with these models to find cures to diseases. Without ensuring copyright protection on the outputs from these systems, there may not be an incentive to try this out, and humans might miss out on life saving innovations. Of course, these researchers can still pursue patents on their products. <br/><span style='padding-left: 30px'></span>There is also the argument that even though the product of an AI-system is generated, it takes human thought to write and fine tune the prompt to get a specific outcome. In the recent case of Zarya of the Dawn, many of the written prompts could have been considered unique enough for copyright protections, but the final artistic output was not copyrightable, given that it did not have a human author. Not providing copyright could discourage the author from producing another comic book, which they did to share their life experience with readers. <br/><span style='padding-left: 30px'></span>Taking into consideration that providing copyright to AI-generated materials could promote science and useful arts, there are also serious concerns in doing so. As it currently reads, Copyright Law is clear that a human creator is required. If copyright protections begin to be shared with AI systems, the rate of chaos and uncertainty will skyrocket. Who holds the copyright- the LLM inventor? The person who put in the prompts? What happens when these people die, or the software is bought out? However, if all AI-generated material is public domain, what about the fact that it is trained on copyrighted material? There must be some sort of protection in place to encourage creators to still experiment with AI and advance it forward into positive uses. Just like with a painting or a poem, people will not want to use AI as a generative tool for comic books and films if it will not be protected. Is that what we want though, to encourage people to not use AI? Do the challenges raised by allowing copyright may outweigh any benefits? It may be overall too late; AI has already entered society and is often on free platforms. <br/>My major concern is that we would see a rising monopoly of a handful of AI platforms controlled by a small sector of society, which in turn would stifle innovation and limited access to creative works. We already see this in American news corporations and social media companies. The impact of having a monopoly that is controlled by a wealthy elite feeding information to the working class is having a lethal impact on American society. Our post-truth society is met daily with dis and mis information that is fed to us as fact. AI generated news, voices, images, and deep fakes contribute to this apathetic death of democracy. Are we willing to let the dark side of AI overtake what is left of truth, because we want to write faster essays as students or generate images of ourselves marrying a cabbage? How can the U.S. Copyright Office possibly promise to prevent this from happening? We already see that there is copyrighted disinformation, Copyright Law does not require the material to be fact-checked. <br/>As it is currently written, the Copyright Clause does not permit copyright protections for AI-generated material because they are not produced by a human. Even though the models and the prompts are human created, the computer generates the output. Providing copyright protections to AI-generated material would stunt human creativity and we would lose all progress made since Homo Neanderthals crafted their first stone tool. <br/>