Discipline of Design with Technology and Artificial Intelligence<br/>BY DR. Nathan Theodore Crooks<br/><br/>In lecture, discipline is an attitude with design that allows a person to understand that there is a method of how to accurately be precise. <br/>The attitude of how we create is how we pre-visionally understand our own features of how to make sense of time. If your understanding of how to perceive things are based on how to formulate hypothesis or simplify diagnosis, an attitude of yours would be of how one would become a physician. <br/>There is a concept that my aptitude had to become an idea of knowing- before finishing; and by all hypothesis, testing is a final route of understanding, by making something work, by our scientific method. <br/>A junction between our amateur concepts of visions of respective fields, is our standard aptitude learning. A struggle of mine, because the cause of perceptions and relative thinking, is to me an idea that allows a person to know and do.   <br/>I entered my college course work with a concept of discipline, for concepts of science and chemistry and biology with advanced course work in trigonometry and analytical geometry as law. To the junction of graduating, we needed to understand that there was a way to use our course work, and be sure of how it works. It was not to sit there and be expected to do every math or chemical equation but to understand, how far you wanted to take things to happen, but by needing them to be for you in your major study in college. Preparation for college was not just your credits to transfer, but to also understand that there was a financial gain for the institution to know you were there and present in your classes. Analytics was a pressure point where we heard they needed help with doctorate working-professionals. At the time, I had no clue what analytics was about, but for my participation in raising my hand to wanting to know about that study, was where my principle gave me recognition to being the only one who showed an interest in taking advanced math, which then became a big conversation thereafter.   <br/>Associated risk was how I associated to my pre medicine program after acceptance into my college when I attended at Pensacola Christian College. With my accredited focus from Emmanuel Christian Academy with my SAT and ACT scores, I had accumulated approximately 479 on my SAT, and a fifteen on my ACT scores. As to my own understanding about my acceptance, I wanted to further my decisions on how to become a surgeon. Nerves settled in on my first month with enrollment and classmate logic. I was the only one suit for a comprehensive discussion about how to become a future leader in practicing medicine and becoming a doctor, if it was your choice to become one. Furthering my insight had to come from my perceptions in our Foundations Concepts Course, involving Orthopedics and Insurance Procedures. Which I then had to use with receiving my vetted achievement with the National Inventors Hall of Fame, and Telework license with the United States Patent And Trademark Office.<br/><br/>