I am a PhD student doing research in a tangential field to data science and machine learning, so I have many friends and colleagues who are at the forefront of the AI research. I know the idealism that drives much of this research, but I also know that the narrow-minded focus it takes to push the boundaries of technology often does not leave much room for forethought and reflection on potential negative impact to society at large. Additionally, the research is often funded or purchased by large corporations who only view these advances through the lens of profitability. In these cases, it is up to civil society to guide and provide direction and reasonable restrictions for the application of this research so I thank the US copyright office for looking into this issue and for taking the time to read through these public comments. My opinion regarding the 4 questions under consideration:<br/><br/>(1) Outputs of an AI model are wholly dependent on the inputs and training material provided. A human creator similarly takes in the experiences of their lives and is influenced by the works they consume. Given this similarity, some argue that any AI model or output that is based on prior copyrighted works can be considered a transformative use of that work. But this doesn&rsquo;t happen spontaneously! These models are developed by programmers who make decisions on what to include as inputs, and when they choose to include copyrighted material, they infringe on the holder&rsquo;s claim. AI models are often opaque and it is not always clear which and how inputs are used, so developing a method of appropriate compensation would be difficult if not impossible. The only solution is that moving forward, artists and creators who hold the copyright to their work must have the ability to give and revoke consent to their works being used as training material or inputs into COMMERCIAL AI products and any commercial AI models that already exist using copyrighted inputs should be reprogrammed and retrained without these protected works. (This would also address issues (3) &amp; (4), artists and creators who fear that AI works would infringe on their own works. It would not be possible to create a song &ldquo;in the style of Bruce Springsteen&rdquo; if songs by Bruce Springsteen were not used in the creation of the model.). Note that this doesn&rsquo;t include AI models being developed for research or hobby purposes. <br/><br/>(2) Methods and techniques used in the development of AI models are already protected under IP and patent law, and of course the IP holders have the right to allow or disallow the use of their AI systems. I can see a case for granting IP protections for specific combinations of inputs and prompts INTO an AI model, but considering that the same inputs and prompts could produce dozens of unique outputs, I don&rsquo;t see how copyright law can be applied. Are all possible outputs to be copyrighted? What happens when two sets of inputs in two different AI models produce similar outputs? Is it a copyright violation? It seems that in order for the actual material generated using AI to be subject to copyright laws, we would need to give these AI systems the same legal protections as human creators!<br/><br/> (3) if an artist or creator can prove that their works were used in the generation or inputs of the AI model, then any similarities to copyrighted works are clearly an infringement. This includes non-copyrighted and non-copyrightable works. If an author&rsquo;s blog posts or a singer&rsquo;s speaking voice is used to produce something similar to their copyrighted works, it is still an infringement. In the case where the AI models generates something similar to a copyrighted work, without input works from the copyright holder, then it is just coincidence and not an infringement on their work.<br/><br/> (4) considering that AI models that imitate the identity or style of human artists often use non-copyrighted and non-copyrightable inputs and generate unique and original outputs, it&rsquo;s not the purview of the copyright office, but it should definitely be addressed. It is a problem if (1) AI is being used to replace the human in a commercial enterprise (a movie starring AI Brad Pitt, for example), or if (2) a person&rsquo;s likeness is being used in a way that they do not approve of (AI porn, AI endorsements of political, commercial, or social opinions, etc.)<br/><br/>On the whole, I&rsquo;m very supportive of AI research and other technological advances, but I am very cynical about the way these technologies get applied and commercialized. We should be developing technology to benefit people, not the other way around, and the rights of artists and other individuals should be protected against those who seek to infringe and capitalize on their works without compensation.