As a librarian and information professional I have grave concerns about the effect of AI on creative work. At best it could be a tool to aid in the creation, but at worst it will stymy creativity to such an extent that the basis of copyright law, &quot;To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries,&quot; will be overrun with machine created content with a continuing dimmer and dimmer spark of human creativity. We are already starting to see this with the Clarkesworld submission flood in February 2023. Creativity and experimentation takes effort and the current generative AI programs remove a huge amount of that effort leaving the product of a statistical math problem. And if an image created by a living non-human being can&#39;t be copyrighted, then how can works created solely by an algorithm?<br/><br/>On the information side, how can we curb the spread of misinformation with the growing ability to easily create deep fake vides or images and the inability to trace claims and facts from text generators back to their original sources. Not to mention the ethical questions surrounding the creation and training of these tools. Again, I see some utility in these tools in the early stages of creative and research, but we are already seeing companies and organizations trying to replace human creativity (WGA, SAG, and Sports Illustrated to name a few) and emotion (Vanderbilt) with AI. <br/><br/>Is all writing creative? No. But generative AI has the potential to eventually strip all human creativity from our art and scientific progress to the point that we are just recycling ideas more than we currently are. If we do no put reasonable restrictions (like use of disclaimers on/embedded in AI generated works or lower copyright protections on works created with gen AI) now, when this technology is nascent in the public conscious, we will stand to lose so much before we are ready to fully understand the technology and what we have lost.