Generative AI threatens the ability for artists to be compensated for their labor and create further art, and the copyright office must make rules to protect artists, irrespective of previous norms, because the world is fundamentally changing, in a shift as big as the change from analog to digital, and we need our copyright rules to change to reflect that. <br/><br/>In the digital age art is monetized via rent-seeking. This is because the cost of reproduction is essentially zero. Once someone has done the artistic work, performed the actual labor, the art is now in a state that it can be given to anyone who desires it at almost no additional labor or cost, but to distribute it at no cost means that the artist receives no compensation, and in the absence of other revenue sources, the artist will be unable to create further art because they will run out of funds. This is why we have copyright, and what the existing DMCA tries to establish. Only the artist is allowed to distribute their art, and this allows them a method to monetize their art, and earn compensation for the earlier labor to create the art. There are multiple ways to ensure artists in the digital age receive compensation for the labor of creating art, and copyright is the method the US has chosen.<br/><br/>Generative AI forces a change to this system, similar to how digital art changed the system. Now, by using generative AI, the labor can be removed from the initial step, by combining all of the labor of artists previous. The question of whether this combination is sufficiently transformative, or if reduction of labor is good or bad misses the bigger point, which is that art is special, and throughout history societies and governments have known that art made for arts sake is good. With the current state and trajectory of generative AI, the ability for artists to receive compensation for the labor to make their art will be reduced, and that is bad. This should be the focus of new rules and changes to existing rules, not any attempt at fairness or adherence to precedent. Two suggested methods are to prevent models and outputs from being copyrighted, to reduce their economic power compared to individual artists, or to directly tax copyrighted models and outputs for artists grants, to increase the economic power of individual artists, or a combination of both.<br/><br/>Please help art for arts sake.