1) the use of copyrighted works to train AI models;<br/>The use of copyrighted work to Train AI models is highly problematic as more often than not the copyright holder did not give express permission for that work to be used. This is because often the use of this data is gathered from the internet( Weatherbed, 2023). Often, especially with models that scrape the internet for data the work that ends up in the data set is either stolen so the copyright holder can not be asked for permission, or in the cases of data mining being done on social media the permissions given are often hidden in large hard-to-read text blocks or obscure legalese that most artists, either do not have the time or knowledge to parse and so cannot give properly informed consent(Bajarin, 2023; Weatherbed, 2023). This is especially true when the terms of service/use of most social media platforms change so often that to actually sit and read them every time would prove to be extremely inconvenient and time-consuming. In either scenario, the artist/copyright holders are not actually notified or even asked for permission, and likely would not have given the permissions to the companies doing the mining if they had been. In either case, the data mining is highly unethical at best and the product of copyright infringement at worst. It is my opinion that the internet data scraping done by these companies should not be allowed to continue as they have been and that going forward the companies developing AI should have to get permission from the creators/copyright holders directly just like the movie/TV industry has to do when adapting a work. Now there could be an argument that this scraping falls under fair use, but if that argument is to stand then these AI companies need to be held to the same standards that any other creator is held to, and any development of their tech created outside of the bounds of the fair use standards should be taken down and disallowed for use. Due to the fact that the use of the copyrighted material is not directly being used to provide criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, or scholarship the argument for fair use is slim(Hurtle et al, 2009). This leaves only research as the potential fair-use application. This is dubious as the end goal of many of these companies is of a commercial nature in other words it is to make a profit off of the AI not any particular academic research(Bajarin, 2023). This fact alone already weakens the argument for fair use(Hurtle et al, 2009). The nature of the works being used to train the model also affects this argument while undoubtedly some of them are scholarly and academic in nature a large portion is strictly creative works especially the AI models that create images, this again weakens the argument of fair use (hurtle et al, 2009).  Then there is concern about the amount of the works that are being used these companies are not open about how much they use of a piece but an argument can be easily made that it is more likely than not more than what is usually deemed permissible under fair use. The use of AI to create writing and art has a market impact it can and already has flooded the market with cheap and mass-produced facsimiles of various artists&#39; styles. As a result, jobs that would have once gone to these artists are now instead being done by these AI programs often with lower-quality products. Thus supplanting the artists again weakens the argument for fair use(Hurtle et al, 2009). If AI training models are to be allowed to continue to be allowed to take data off of the internet these companies must be held to the same standards that every other creator is held to.<br/><br/>Bajarin, T. (2023, October 5). Beware the downsides of AI data collection applications. Forbes. https://www.forbes.com/sites/timbajarin/2022/12/13/beware-the-downsides-of-ai-data-collection-applications/?sh=14e94de964ff <br/>Weatherbed, J. (2023, July 5). Google confirms it&rsquo;s training bard on scraped web data, too. The Verge. https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/5/23784257/google-ai-bard-privacy-policy-train-web-scraping <br/>Hirtle, P. B., Hudson, E., &amp; Kenyon, A. T. (2009). Copyright and cultural institutions guidelines for digitization for U.S. libraries, archives, and Museums. Cornell University Library.<br/>