A historic precedent is about to be set that will drastically affect the trajectory of all creative industries. AI companies have created a remarkable new paradigm that has the power to either decimate or propel human creativity, and it is imperative that honesty and real world data be examined when laying the foundation of this new paradigm&#39;s regulation. Some AI enthusiasts will assign false equivalency to the extinction of specific job titles (i.e. robots putting auto factory workers out of work, Pixar making illustrators and animators obsolete), and while this is true already (Midjourney, concept artists), it shouldn&#39;t be considered as the main talking point. The real damage comes from the blatant plagiarism already affecting artists and writers, whereby their specific work is scraped from a dataset they did not opt in to, and their artistic style is superimposed on top of an image or script. Artists are not remunerated for this process, and it creates the potential for artists to be completely put out of work by way of not being able to compete with a service that provides a comparable product for a tiny fraction of the cost and time that artist would take. If this is allowed to happen, then legislative bodies are making a clear signal that profit and power are the only values to be assigned to anything being created by human beings. AI Tech companies will siphon all wealth from the human beings that create the dataset they build their product on, and will in turn collapse when no new art is being created. <br/><br/>Conversely, there is massive potential for helping artists with this technology. If a mandatory opt-in is enforced for AI datasets, then artists who have their style replicated by AI could be paid royalties, which would be a start (if a reasonable rate was established by the artists). For AI companies that don&#39;t want to pay royalties, then they should not be allowed to sample the dataset of artists that haven&#39;t opted in, and a third party organization should be established, for the purpose of applying fines to AI companies that sample datasets without permission. <br/><br/>I hope that legislators can understand the importance of art in general, and recognize that the romanticized image of &quot;the artist&quot; as a pretentious, esoteric boutique creator overpricing their work, but rather a huge body of regular craft workers who constantly innovate and are already struggling to make their way in the world. If AI companies are allowed to steamroll artists unchecked, then we have given up our humanity.