I do not believe anyone should be allowed to copyright AI art. By &quot;AI art&quot; I mean a variety of things including but not limited to AI digital art such as AI digital paintings or sketches, AI movie scripts, AI books, AI character designs, AI gifs or videos, AI voice recreations, and AI face constructions or reconstructions.<br/>I believe it would be wrong, unfair, and dangerous to allow copyright of AI art, because all AI art must be based off of existing art coming from a real person. It is essentially copyrighting another person&#39;s work. Copyright should be for original ideas, not stolen work. <br/>As for AI voices and faces, I do not believe anyone should have to worry about having their own likeness recreated by AI, let alone copyrighted by someone other than themselves. It would be absolutely dystopian to risk losing rights to your own voice or appearance.<br/>If studios or corporations are allowed to use AI to create and then copyright &quot;art,&quot; then this will be another incentive for them to rely on artificial intelligence for free labor rather than real people. This would be bad for all Americans, because it would significantly decrease jobs available. Art is important for freedom of speech and individual expression, and people deserve to be fairly compensated for that work. The more we rely on AI for art, the fewer Americans will have jobs, and fewer people will have created outlets to express themselves, which would hurt society in general. <br/>Replacing jobs held by real people with AI is also a slap in the face to everyone who has worked hard to refine their artistic skills, whether that was through paid formal education or on the side as a hobby.<br/>Furthermore, the replacement of jobs with AI is not just a concern for artists. How long until AI can do the job of an accountant, work a cash register, replace security guards, run a company, or even program more AI? Americans need jobs, especially right now after the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, existing AI needs a lot of work before it can do a job correctly. AI art is on the rise and has already been used by major companies such as Disney in place of a real person, but it fails to make truly compelling stories, and it usually stands out as worse than art made by a human hand. A real person can complete a task or learn to complete a task much better and more efficiently than AI at this moment. AI is only capable of what humans train it to do; it cannot act on a whim or improvise in an unexpected situation. Humans can, and they do a much better job of it. 