As an artist currently attending college to get a degree and job in an artistic field, AI Copyright could impact my ability to get a job. AI has already scraped and is continuing to scrape the internet of already copyrighted images. How could anything created with AI qualify for copyright when it&#39;s been trained on copyrighted images? Whatever the AI outputs, it by definition cannot be copyrighted as it only exists because of copyrighted work in the first place. It is incomparable to an artist using reference and inspiration because when an artist does those things, they are taking a concept and creating something original. AI, as a computer, cannot make these intuitive choices. It is regurgitating an amalgamation of 1000s of copyrighted works and calling it original. When these AI systems change, the prompts become non reproducible. How can you reliably copyright something that cannot even be reproduced? Who does the copyright belong to? The AI that &#39;created&#39; the image it cannot reproduce? Or the &#39;prompter&#39; who can&#39;t even recreate the prompt? And that&#39;s before we get into the question of people making similar prompts and getting near identical results from the AI. Who does the copyright belong to in that scenario? Each person made the prompt on their own and the machine gave them identical results. Does the copyright belong to the AI or the prompter? What about the data the AI was trained on. Does copyright not belong to those who created the data in the first place? When the AI &quot;creates&quot; an image that is identical to an already existing image created by a real person (whether it&#39;s an illustration or photograph etc), does the copyright stop belonging to the original artist? AI generation is a messy space and due to the way it functions (data scraping) it by definition cannot be copyrighted. If AI created an image that looks like Mickey Mouse, because it used images of Mickey Mouse in its data, would Disney have the right to shut that down or does the image still hold its own copyright? Obviously Disney would be within their rights to shut that down. So I guess the only reason why these laws wouldn&#39;t apply across the board is because companies have more money power than individual artists do. Laws only apply to those who don&#39;t have the money to get around them it seems.