Theft is illegal. Why should ai be allowed to be programmed by millions of sources without even so much as having permission to do so? Voice ai is getting so scary that people are getting scammed by what they think is a family member. Art ai has gotten so bad that artists are getting comments asking them &quot;what prompt they used&quot; on their newest work. Not to mention, if someone wants art from a specific artist, they could just get ai to generate in that artists style instead of getting an actual commission done. Theres hundreds of &quot;photography&quot; accounts that post ai generated photos, and plenty of people believe its real purely because it says so. There are ways to spot if a pic is generated, but the average person isnt going to factcheck. And what about the people that generate whole songs using famous voices without their permission? Or the ones generating explicit versions of any photos they can get their hands on? Stalker/fan/ex/bully wants a naked pic of you? No problem, ai can just remove the clothes youre wearing in any given photo and fill in the blanks... Will it be acurate? Probably not. You would know your own body, but who else would know? Who else could tell whether its real or not? And even if people could tell, there now exists an explicit (fake) photo of you somewhere, possibly on the internet. A photo that you didnt take. So many more things that are messed up about using ai. Ai shouldnt replace humans in creative positions. Humans create art, we always will. That shouldnt be the job of some software. I think that ai could be used in other ways. Ways that dont infringe on, or steal from people. That cant be used to scam people. Ways that dont replace people. Especially not in any creative fields, as that would not only require using other peoples work to program it, but it still wouldnt do it better than people. Please stop all the ai bullsh*t, im begging you. Some of my examples prove the point blank Lawbreaking that will and has happened from the use of ai. But its also completely appalling to see a movement SO eager to replace human creativity, to massproduce stolen, regurgitated junk. 