(Wasn&rsquo;t sure if this went through the first time) Hello, my name is Adele, I&rsquo;m 21, I&rsquo;m a news photographer, and for the past few months I&rsquo;ve been extremely depressed and anxious. I can&rsquo;t sleep, I&rsquo;ve had digestive issues, I&rsquo;m paranoid, because I&rsquo;ve been feeling like the creative and complicated world I love is coming to an end. AI is a tool, and in theory a helpful one, but companies have the potential to use it to put creatives out of work, sanitize and distill art into something purely commercial and meaningless, and to line their pockets with the well earned salaries of their former workers. The Hollywood strikes have been preying on my mind, the writers were worried about never again being able to have creative ideas of their own, possibly to never even work again, and the actors are worried about having their performances altered against their will and wishes, having what sounds like their voice say something they would never say and never agreed to say, all while being cast aside like a piece of trash. Of course this could extend out to every industry that involves creatives, what about commercials? What about PR? Anything that involves creativity is at risk right now, and the copyright office has the power to stop it from getting so much worse. It&rsquo;s insane to say this, but we need human storytellers, we need people to interpret events, to express our emotions, and to dream about what better things could happen. What&rsquo;s the point in thinking of trying to achieve a better world if we have no idea what that looks like because a bunch of robots are &ldquo;dreaming&rdquo; it for us? This also speaks to the dream of doing what you love for a living, and making it in life. Tech companies are trying to make that obsolete, the Copyright Office needs to create strict and unambiguous rules against AI- generated content, not allowing it to be copyrighted in and of itself, human authors and heavy human input have to be a must. I can&rsquo;t tell you the exact language of course, but it&rsquo;s incredibly vital that the Copyright Office stands up for all of us creatives, and allows us to have a future to look forward to. I&rsquo;m only 21, and my faith in humanity is shaky at best, but I&rsquo;m begging you, please don&rsquo;t let anything I&rsquo;ve said happen. What would even be the point in living in a world like that?