Hello, I am an indie artist, video game maker and music composer from Thailand. First I would like to start with the data used, the fact that the data has been collected and used without credits, compensation and consent should be enough to make you see many red flags these ai companies have. There should not be legal for them to do this in the first place. None of the companies has been transparent about the dataset. I am an artist and I can see company&#39;s CEOs rubbing their hand together right now. If this process of acquiring data and create a software that can produce images is still legal, there would occur such practices in business world where company would force their employees to create images for them then when they have enogh to sustain their software they could just fire those said employees. I feel the current legal status of AI generated images is rightful and lawful. If you have noticed they don&#39;t do any of this with the music industry because how aggressive they are with protecting their artists and the copyright. Visual art industry has no monolith and too powerless to fight so they do this to us. I feel strongly that creating such model without all the data obatin legally should not be possible by laws. I would also like to point out that the essence of copyright laws are to protect intellectual properties. These method the tech industry is using is clearly explotative by every definiton available. We should be protected. Lastly I would like to say that &quot;opt-in&quot; by default is not okay, it has to be &quot;opt-out&quot; by default and if they want to have images trained they need to go ask every single artist in the world to do so. This is not also for education purposes because they make money from it.<br/><br/>I hope U.S. Copyright Office would do the right thing. If you did it right it will spread to all around the world. I live in an under-developed country, I face more risk of being exploited than people in the US, which is why I started writing this comment.