Artificial Intelligence as it appears right now is a scam. It is not &quot;artificial intelligence&quot; it is an elaborate usage of Algorithms that takes in human-created data and spits out what it has determined from the data to be a &quot;correct response&quot; to what it is prompted. This is not intelligence. The use of the label intelligence is wrong. It gives this technology the veneer of intelligence and it creates the illusion that what the computer is doing is like what humans do, but this is not intelligence. It is nothing more than elaborate, computer-aided random guessing. If a human were to randomly give multiple guesses in an attempt to answer a question we would not describe that as intelligence. A human making random guessing would be very obvious to any outside observer. That is what these &quot;Ai&quot; systems are doing, but they are doing it in numbers and speeds that our human faculties can&#39;t fathom or observe. It is the same as telling someone to randomly give answers until they eventually come to the right solution, but all those guesses were hidden from view, and what was only shown is them giving the correct answer. That trick would make it seem like they &quot;knew&quot; what to do right away and had &quot;intelligence&quot; but we would not say that was intelligence. I have played the game 20 questions and one strategy if you&#39;re out of ideas and can&#39;t think of the answer is to start guessing letters in the word. That strategy takes intelligence to come up with, though it&#39;s not a very effective one in the game of 20 questions. The people creating these systems are very intelligent, but the system itself is not intelligent.  Ai is simply a fancy computer-aided magic trick.  The truth is the computer has no idea what the images or words are beyond data and lines of code. It has no context for meaning, human needs, or human points of view. Ai-generated work is merely the theft of human creation, and should not be granted copyright protection.