For well over a year, artists such as myself and other colleagues have been trying our best to make the public aware of the dangers of generative artificial intelligence poses to our livelihoods and the art industry as a whole. While many of us do see the potential for generative AI in the arts, we simply cannot support our decades worth of work by thousands of artists being used without permission to train AI models. While some companies have made attempts to only use public domain works and data they themselves own, such as Adobe&#39;s Firefly for one example, the most popular models such as OpenAI&#39;s DALL-E, Stability AI&#39;s Stable Diffusion, and Midjourney Inc.&#39;s Midjourney are trained using the LAOIN database. LAOIN contains over 2 billion scraped images gathered without permission by their original creators. LAOIN, StabilityAI, and OpenAI have been the focus of several lawsuits due to the use of copyrighted images without permission from their owners. Many he owners and employees are fully aware of this, as seen in the two attached images below from a recent update to an ongoing lawsuit against Stability AI and Midjourney. In one of these examples, an Jack Gallagher, an engineer from Midjourney, confirms in the official Discord for Midjourney that they are aware that the datasets for their generative AI model contains copyrighted material and that attribution is difficult due to the vast amount of data in the dataset. In the other, the CEO of Stability AI, Emad Mostaque, has gone on record in several interviews confirming that Stable Diffusion contains highly compressed data of the images used to train its database. These statements from the CEO of Stability directly refute a common claim from supporters of Stable Diffusion who claim that Stable Diffusion, as well as other generative AI image programs, do not contain the actual images in their training set. <br/>As artists, me and my colleagues have generally been some of the first to experiment with new technologies, including several older ones who were among the first artists to switch to digital drawing programs, none of us have been supportive of the current state of generative AI that uses the copyright work of artists without their permission in a manner that directly threatens our livelihoods as artists. We acknowledge that this technology will be here to stay for years to come, but we are at a pivotal moment in time where we must do everything we can to ensure that generative AI is trained ethically and with respect to copyright law, and the hard work of artists everywhere. We believe that these models should have allow artists opt-out their copyrighted works from training sets, and that for all future training, AI companies must receive direct permission to use their art for training, much like how other companies must gain permission from artists to use their art for purposes such as advertising, concept planning, etc.<br/>While generative AI can be a potentially powerful tool for artists in the future, we must ensure that all future development of generative AI models is done in a manner that is ethical and mutually beneficial for both developers and artists alike. By taking measures to ensure that models are trained only on data from the public domain and artists who have sold or given the rights to their work to companies, we stop the worst ethical issues with generative AI before they become too deep-rooted. 