Please disallow AI models that are trained on copyrighted material without the knowledge of the original creators involved to be wholly unable to receive copyright or establish a &quot;brand name&quot; in a for-profit business. Not only is this unethical for someone to produce something new from the hard work of others and expect to be paid for it without any credit or knowledge to the creators of work used, it encourages people to view the work of other people as a commodity they can freely use and take. We must consider the rights of the original creators as well as factor in a mandatory opt-in system for any company who claims to have the liberty to utilize works posted on their platform for training AI within their terms of services. There should be no change in account features whether someone chooses to opt-in or opt-out. There should not be promotional offers for creators to opt-in. This is explicitly an exploitation of people and their hard work to be utilized in an AI that may profit hundreds, even thousand of dollars from someone who could possibly be unaware of the consequence if a company makes a tempting offer to try to influence users to allow their work to be used for AI. <br/><br/>Because of the general public&#39;s ignorance of the intricacies of AI learning and the culture it has of treating artists as fodder, I do not think people who utilize an AI-generator program for personal use should be punished or expected to dole out compensation to copyright holders of the infringed content used in the models. However, because developers are objectively aware of what content they utilize, should any copyright infringement be proven to have occured, the developer should be made to immediately remove the infringing material from their program and/or pay damages to the copyright holder, based on how prevalent the program&#39;s accessibility was, if any profit was made from the AI, and if the source code for the AI was made &#39;open&#39; for other people to build upon, as such an act can cause a chain reaction of further damages made to the copyright holder. <br/><br/>Despite my feelings against AI that utilize material they have no legal right to use, I believe that ethical AI models can exist,soley if all the content provided are available in the public domain, contains the work of the developer themself or materials provided have been given written permission to be used by the original copyright holder, as well as records as to whether they were compensated or waived it. <br/><br/>Incidental visual similarities however, from an ethically sourced AI program, should not be subject to any claim of infringement to a similar work, provided a disclaimer that any likeness to other people, living or dead are purely coincidental. Similarity of artistic styles from other creators also should not be able to be held accountable or responsible of copyright violation when the product was produced with an ethically sourced AI program. Such things should only be seen as infringing if there is a clear attempt to use the work to aid in impersonating the original creator. <br/><br/>As an artist, I believe in both artistic freedom and the boundaries creators have with how their work is used. The two conditions are not mutually exclusive as many might think. AI models sourced unethically, created for profit and do not credit or compensate creators need to be held accountable for stolen content. It is not fair for tens of thousands of people to have their artwork, literature, music and other works taken and their hours of effort minimized because developers don&#39;t see their contributions to the model as worthy of even mentioning or compensating. 