The advent of A.I. has opened doors to some useful applications of learned language model text and model-generated artwork. However, the current models built on unethically sourced content, in clear violation of the copyrights held by the original creators of the works, is the &quot;poison pill&quot; that destroys any utility these models might have had. It allows for unhindered exploitation of the working artist, actor, writer, and creator, as well as opens us up to potentially dangerous national security threats. Writers, Artists and Creators work for years to hone their craft and earn a living off of it, only for A.I. to rob them of their hard earned work by creating an exploitable mimicry of the styles they worked so hard to cultivate. In addition, with the existence of media such as &quot;deep fake&quot; video and other nefarious media usage, not placing restraints on A.I. could potentially create situations where our National security is compromised because someone stole a politician&#39;s image or voice and used it for nefarious purposes. Models should be ethically built, properly legislated, the use of them requiring a mandatory disclosure (for example, articles must say &quot;llms have been used to generate part or all of this text&quot;), and the acknowledgement made that these model-generated creations are not art, cannot be copyrighted as art, and have no place being treated as a replacement for art (but rather as a supplement) there&#39;s no way llms and art generators can be allowed to grow. It should be the same for written works generated by AI systems such as chat GPT, but with the additional provision that any information generated using this model has been fact checked, as there are already cases in which such AI have generated false information and statistics, as in the case where it was used to provide legal documentation in court cases. It&#39;s my opinion that the current existing models need to be replaced by models built using ethically sourced datasets and should be legislated and labeled in a way that prevents any misunderstanding as to what this content is and whom it was created by.