AI is a tool that runs solely on copyright infringement. It cannot &quot;learn&quot; or function without scraping data from thousands of real, hard-working artists and writers. While I cannot fully speak on behalf of artists, not being one myself, as a writer I am deeply disturbed by the rise of AI literature that has started to negatively impact others of my craft. There have been multiple reports of scammers &quot;writing&quot; novels through AI programs and slapping the name of a real author onto it in order to trick audiences into buying the &quot;novel&quot;. When efforts are made to remove the false work, corporations like Amazon have been extremely slow to react, stating that unless the author&#39;s literal name is copyrighted, it&#39;s fair use. Review sites such as Goodreads have included these false publications, and any negative reviews made of them appear under the author&#39;s name. Independent author Jane Friedman is a textbook case of this. Any self-publishing author is now at risk of losing their reputation at the hands of AI hucksters looking to make a quick buck, and self-publishing platforms apparently couldn&#39;t care less. Are we seriously at the point where we have to copyright our own names to protect our artistic reputation? It is frankly insane that a country with such stringent copyright rules would overlook such a clear violation, and allow this system to disrespect the time, effort, and talents of its citizens. <br/>AI generated works may also be a serious threat to the lives of its audience. Many people have been warned against purchasing books on foraging because these scam artists have generated &quot;guides&quot; to foraging wild mushrooms which are not factually based and openly recommend harvesting fungi and herbs that are poisonous. Potential buyers now have to check and double check the *existence* of the so-called experts publishing these guides, or risk dying from a toadstool. Independent publishing is now a place of increasingly dubious credibility thanks to the unchecked use of AI programs. Both fictional and non-fictional pieces can no longer be trusted. Something has to be done to prove that the people using these platforms are actually people, and more specifically, that the authors are who they claim they are. If not, self-publishing will no longer be a viable option, and hundreds of authors will suffer because of it. 