As a freelance illustrator in the gaming industry who works primarily through online marketplaces selling digital goods, I already feel the effects of unregulated AI in my spheres of influence. The most prominent models producing visual content are only able to do so through massive data sets that were scraped without anyone&#39;s consent, and developed and rolled out with such reckless speed that the laws protecting creative professionals and consumers alike have not had time to catch up. Freelance artists working in the gig economy are quickly being displaced by individuals using AI models to rapidly generate commercial content, which is now complex enough to pass as the hand-crafted illustration of a professional. Anyone without a background in art is now capable of rendering thousands of images in the style of any artist, living or dead, if they know the right words to prompt, and there are few protections in place to insulate artists from being spammed out of the very communities they built. Many artists object to the ways that the inclusion of their names in prompts will lead a model such as Midjourney, Stable Diffusion, and even Adobe Firefly to generate images in their trademark styles. <br/><br/>Advances in technology always stand to disrupt the industries in which they are utilized, but those likening this situation to historical instances of innovative disruption such as the printing press, the camera, and even Photoshop are taking a reductive stance that conveniently glosses over the dubious nature of the data scraping fundamental to its development. I would also caution the US Copyright Office to be wary of companies such as Adobe, who have taken a more cautious approach to data harvesting by simply burying acknowledgement of such activities into the terms of service, and disallowing opt-out in order to utilize their products, which in this case have been the standard in my industry and adjacent creative industries. They are utilizing their near-monopolistic status as industry giants to leverage influence in the Senate, and while their model may seem a reasonable alternative when standing in contrast to the &quot;progress and profit at any cost&quot; attitudes of OpenAI CEO Sam Altman and those representing the interests of big tech, Adobe Firefly is still far from meeting the rigorous standards for data usage and consent that this moment requires.<br/><br/>Currently, social media outlets owned by Meta (Facebook, Instagram, and Threads) have a publicly inaccessible form to grant users the opportunity to opt out of data harvesting for the express purpose of training AI algorithms. As a Google Fi customer, I recently received an email about their changes in service, in which more of my data is going to be collected and fed into algorithms unless I specifically take action to opt out before a specific time. The onus should not be on the consumer to go to extra lengths to protect their data from being leeched and capitalized upon. These practices are clearly deceptive, and open the door for tech companies to misuse personal data and for anyone using their products commercially to (potentially unwittingly) abuse copyright. Opt-in needs to be the standard, and the data sets upon which the most prominent generative AI models such as Midjourney and Stable Diffusion have been built, should be deleted. Consent needs to be foundational to the development of this technology, and the noted absence in accountability toward the companies wielding the most power over our daily lives could prove a serious problem if public trust is too greatly eroded.