Generative AI is an attack on copyright as a concept and fundamentally undermines the rights of authors, artists and creatives everywhere. But more than that, it&#39;s a massive risk of security that there is no equivalent to in history. Some people have compared the anti-ai position to Luddism, that we&#39;re simply afraid of new technology, but what we&#39;re afraid of is the exploitation and replacement of human skilled labour for the profit of others. On the artist front some have compared the advent of Generative AI to the invention of the camera, but the camera cannot spread anything but the truth. You have to go to a location, line up the shot with the appropriate lighting, composition, lens and whatever photo you take will be exactly what was there, no more, no less. The scale of these models cannot be ignored, for every one person who has the skills to photoshop convincing misleading images such as political propaganda or digitally removing clothes from women, there exists an ai model that can spit out thousands of images in a fraction of the time, most unconvincing and garbled but every now and then there is an image that can fool people. We are on the precipice of an age of immense misinformation with automated news articles from chatgpt hallucinating stories and events that never happened, photos that were never taken that might be used as blackmail, and worse still the harvesting of one&#39;s own voice that it might ruin careers with words that were never said, and scam family members out of money across the phone because they believed you were in danger. <br/><br/>Please read through every comment carefully, as it&#39;s very likely that this form will be filled out by bad actors using LLMs like chat gpt to make it seem like the majority doesn&#39;t care about copyright protection. Without copyright there is no reason to create, to share, to innovate if another can steal your work at a moment&#39;s notice and run it through a filter to claim it as their own through functions like image to image. The pressure from billion dollar tech companies to make this legal loophole a legitimate business model will be immense, but the repercussions on society as a whole can already be seen with people losing jobs to ai, misinformation through ai generated images, and the violations the datasets have already committed scraping from the internet indiscriminately such as the inclusion of images of children and private medical records in LAION5B cannot be ignored for a short term profit. Please listen to the human voices on this one, our professions have been historically undervalued and the hollywood strikes going on currently are only a taste of the repercussions AI will have on media, the digital landscape and whether we can trust a phone call recording, video or photographic evidence in court. Thank you for your time.