I am an artist, working at the top levels of the video game industry with 15 years of experience working as a concept artist and illustrator for companies like Blizzard, EA Games, Guerrilla and more. From an expert vantage, unregulated AI concerns me deeply for my future and the future of my art form. Work of mine has been indiscriminately scraped from my portfolio, as has the work of countless peers, utterly without our knowledge or consent- to feed machine learning that is being positioned to directly push us out of the workplace with output derived directly from the input of art stolen from us. I consider this state of affairs to be outrageous- data sets used in training AI on artistic content, be it illustration, written work, musical style etc cannot be allowed to help themselves to our life&rsquo;s&rsquo; work and certainly are not entitled to copyright protection for the product of their theft. Machine learning is proven to be ineffectual and rudimentary without &ldquo;good data&rdquo;, that data being the copyright-protected and hard-earned labor of millions. The data sets cannot be permitted to feed machine learning for commercial use unless each creator of that data has explicitly directly consented to be included in their vast capital-generating &ldquo;experiment&rdquo;. Artists and victims of this theft must be included and consulted in proceedings and lawmaking- AI companies cannot be relied upon to regulate themselves. It is in their interests to steal from us, repurposing our work after being chopped and collaged by their algorithms, selling it as if it were their own novel output, to clients we work with directly. It can&rsquo;t be allowed, and we are counting on the copyright office to defend us from their unscrupulous attempts to get away with it. There is no success in AI machine learning that does not depend on robust, hard-earned, copyright-protected human input in the form of &ldquo;training&rdquo; data. Their results depend wholly on the large scale theft and regurgitating of our work. I hope earnestly and urgently that you will consider the case of artists, illustrators, actors, writers, and musicians who look to you as the authority protecting our work from this kind of wanton theft. 