AI art is a very contentious issue. I believe the US can start what will hopefully become legislation on what other countries can base the use of AI. <br/><br/>Copyright law currently is just not broad enough to encompass what this new technology is doing, as tech continues to evolve, so will the laws around them. At the moment the defense of AI hinges on it it being compared to things that existed before, however they should take into account that no law ever imagined this technology disrupting the world as much as it has. <br/><br/>I will add that I am art-director and I freelance 3d artist, I have seen many people have to stop their endeavors in art and have to take &quot;another day job&quot; to make ends meet since the people that would usually commission them moved to AI. The artists impacted by this technology the most are new and training artists, established ones will be able to keep doing what they have usually done pretty much the same way. The long term impact which is what has made me see AI in its current state as morally wrong is that it will impact younger generations of artists to choose other things instead of art, somehow the structure set in place before AI arrived, allowed artists to start &quot;selling&quot; commissions while training, at lower prices, and as their skill rose, so would their prices; giving them a clear path to follow as they honed their skill and professionalized their craft. However AI art places an incredibly high comparisson point, and people writing a couple of words can achieve better results than most artists just starting out will see at least for some years in their formative path. This will impact the number of people taking arts as a viable option, and greatly reduce the people producing art. And while some people refer as AI as &quot;just a tool&quot; this tool makes it possible for one guy (not even trained in art) to output much more than a regular artist, probably a whole art team to be honest, this will eventually result in a great loss of job opportunities and the companies benefitting from not paying artists will get more profits and create a greater divide between working class and business owners. <br/><br/>I would also like to point to the vitrol that AI art has created, it brought up the worst in people, apparently many have hated artists, their existence and their ability to have passion for their work for a long time. People mocking artists who started to struggle when AI art surfaced as a viable option became an unsightly visage of hatred that resulted in artists making relatively little compared to most professions in the US, apparently people were angry that a craft which takes years to refine and a lot of work eventually were able to make &quot;fair&quot; wages, while most people with a regular job will be making more money and a lot faster, in any case this just reinforces the bad faith on how some people argue for the technology. <br/><br/>In a more ideallistic part of the argument, I would like to say that art is one of the pillars of human endeavor, for as long as humans have been here we have been painting, singing, writing and presenting both simple and complex thoughts through art. Allowing a machine to &quot;tell&quot; us what art now is, and what we should like while being a massive unprecedented database on what millions of humans created and it was &quot;eaten&quot; taken away all human processing, the machine is adding nothing new to the world its just spitting back at us what it was trained on, remixed to take away the original authors, erasing them, and pretending to now &quot;own&quot; what it spits back. If we take the capacity to create art from humans without proper thought, credit and compensation, humans will eventually stop creating art, and that feels like something we should always strive to keep alive. <br/><br/>All in all, I think the US has a great chance to lead the world as in other things, and set a standard, protects its citizens, but also protect everyone else by taking copyright away from machines, and leaving it as a human unique right, something to protect. The ones that have the most to gain from this are large companies which will take any opportunity to fire all the creatives and report larger profits to their shareholders, and the ones who will lose the most long term, are humans. Without art, life will become bleak, future generations will not even consider studying, drawing and practising again and again to gain knowledge, and this will spread to other parts, eventually most humans will live as drones and the gap between lifestyles will be so broad they will become experiences so alien from each other, we will no longer share what humans do. 