Generative AI systems are in a precarious position. They have the ability to significantly simplify and improve the efficiency of commercial artwork, writing, acting, etc. Yet the way these AI are currently sourced, and the ways in which they are used, are actively harmful to current creatives. The most clear example is AI art. AI art is created by using a generative model that was trained on thousands of artworks. Most, if not all current AI art models used art that the creators didn&rsquo;t license for training. This means that these models are built off of copyrighted artworks that were stolen and repurposed for a different commercial project at the direct cost of original creators. For a deeper dive into the exact effects, please refer to this study: AI Art and its Impact on Artists.<br/>A common perspective among current creatives is that whatever generative AI systems create shouldn&rsquo;t belong to the person that put in the prompts for them. They say that it&rsquo;s much closer to commissioning someone (hiring a creative to make something that you want), rather than creating the thing itself. It&rsquo;s not hard to make that connection. The two actions are very similar, even down to paying the artist: most generative AI models are paid programs (though important exceptions exist, like ChatGPT).<br/>There are many different moral arguments one can make against generative AI, none of which are particularly worth considering for legislation, but it&rsquo;s worth mentioning at least one. Art is one of the few things that is truly human: the ability to create things that have either never existed before, or that are a personal interpretation of different things. AI, in its very nature, cannot be creative. It can&rsquo;t imagine things that don&rsquo;t exist. All it does is take what is already out there, crushes it into a ball, and spits out the results into something that may not have existed before, but definitely wasn&rsquo;t created with intention and purpose. Its very existence threatens the ability of creatives to earn a living off of their strongest suit: their creativity.<br/>