I am an entertainment and intellectual property attorney with over ten years of experience. I believe that generative AI presents significant questions. Specifically, I believe there are three issues: first, use of protectable works as inputs; second, protection of generative AI proceeds; third, protection of works arising from generative AI proceeds.<br/><br/>As to the first, I believe that the use of prior-existing, protected works in the programming of artificial intelligence machines and algorithms falls squarely within the plain text of the Copyright Act identifying uses related to teaching, training and research as fair uses. The plain text of the fair use provisions of the Act do not limit its application to teaching or training people (as the authorship requirement does relating to copyrightable subject matter), nor do I believe that Congress - when it enacted the statute - contemplated such uses. However, I do believe at the very least that research includes research into technological capabilities, and so it would not be unfair or unreasonable to treat &quot;scraping&quot; of Web sources as a fair use under the Act&#39;s current language. This is not to say that &quot;scraping&quot; activities which employ security and firewall countermeasures would be lawful under other federal laws related to computer hacking; but it is simply to say that as a function of copyright law, &quot;scraping&quot; constitutes a fair use to teach and train machine learners no less than using pictures or showing movies in a classroom constitutes a fair use to teach and train human learners.<br/><br/>Regarding the protectability of generative AI proceeds, I believe the District Court in the Thaler case came to the correct conclusion - that AI generation does not constitute &quot;authorship&quot; as it lacks a human hand in the fixation of the proceeds in a tangible medium. While the PROMPT that a human uses as an input may be subject to copyright protection independently, that is only because prompts constitute copyrightable subject matter. However, similar to how a motion picture is simply a derivative work of a literary work called a script or screenplay, to the extent an AI output can be said to be derivative of a human-authored input (the prompt), the motion picture and the AI output or proceeds are distinguishable. Just as a motion picture is a work independent of the script from which it derives, a motion picture nonetheless historically meets the test for copyrightable subject matter - it is human-authored; the &quot;creative spark&quot; interpreting the literary &quot;input&quot; of the script to the motion picture &quot;output&quot; is human. However, AI proceeds are not - in and of themselves - authored, thus any classification of them as &quot;derivative works&quot; of prompts authored by humans are too attenuated to render the AI algorithm a mere tool of creativity, as opposed to the primary source and fixer of the particular expression it puts out. For this reason, AI-generated proceeds should be considered public domain materials, no different than ideas, facts and events. In light of that, the Copyright Office should adopt a policy requiring AI-generated proceeds to be registered or kept by third-parties as AI-generated proceeds to prevent unnecessary litigation by those falsely claiming ownership over AI-generated proceeds.<br/><br/>Last, the question comes to how to treat works deriving from AI-generated proceeds. First, such works ought to be deemed protected to the extent they are protectable. While the AI-proceeds on which they are based ought to be treated as public domain materials, this is not to say that later translations and interpretations of them cannot obtain independent protection any less than books, movies and artworks based on factual events. However, I believe that the extent to which such protection exists ought to be considered by applying the merger doctrine/broad vs. narrow protection doctrine. The AI-prompter who wishes to use it as a starting point for a work ought to bear the danger that the more detailed the proceeds are which get generated, the more such person relegates to the public domain. As such, the more detailed the AI proceeds are, the more likely it is that a later work based on those proceeds will be subject to narrow protection, if not zero protection under the merger doctrine itself (if the proceeds are so sufficiently detailed).<br/><br/>I believe this would sufficiently fulfill the purposes of the Copyright Act, and would fulfill its role alongside the First Amendment to encourage robust participation in the Marketplace of Ideas, and strikes a reasonable balance between private interest and public benefit whereby the private individual or firm makes the decision for itself whether to abandon expressions within its possession to the public domain for the sake of efficiency or to avoid doing so for the sake of exclusive control.