Generative AI in it&#39;s current and proposed state is nothing more than various programs cutting and pasting together original art in information produced by people. These programs are invasive, pulling from other programs, like Adobe products, which are opt-out only or not disclosing their connection to an AI program. Countless artists and others have come forward in the last year to state that they have seen evidence of their works being used by these Generative AI programs without appropriate compensation or notice. That is a breach of their rights. Flat out. These programs are not being fed information in good faith. They are instead being posited as a way to replace human artists, taking money from their pockets and ensuring they cannot make a living. Generative AI is another tool by large corporations to concentrate wealth and control all sources of art and information available on the Internet. Clouding the internet with non-human art and information leads to false information and intentional disinformation spreading through the population with no one to correct it because the creators of Generative AI products insist their product is infallible. There are no guardrails in place to keep bad actors from abusing Generative AI programs to spread false information about the US government, it&#39;s citizens, and it&#39;s impact on the world. We&#39;ve seen this firsthand with Generated AI images of public officials. We&#39;ve seen this with Generated AI text full of false statements about the same topics. Generative AI is not &quot;intelligent&quot; in any definition of the word and instead poses as though it is an authority on the topic, leaving Generative AI program users with the false idea that these are programs they can rely on instead of contacting humans who have done the work the Generative AI program scrapes from the internet and puts together in garbled, false statements posing as fact. Without actual regulations to stop these programs from feeding false information into the world, it could lead to deaths and poverty of an entire class of artists, theorists, writers, and countless other professions Generative AI creators are currently targeting. Generative AI &quot;facts&quot; are already swamping search engines, making those all but useless when they were the main source of credible information for over a decade. Allowing Generative AI to continue to muddy the waters with stolen art and information will severely impact the world in countless ways. It already is, which is why this study exists. Generative AI should be strictly controlled. All Generative AI projects should be pulled from public access ASAP until we know the full scope of what information they&#39;ve gathered without permission. Any information or art found in the programs that was not provided with consent and full knowledge of how the information or art will be used should be compensated. Art is not free to create. It costs time, energy, supplies, and is the result of years of experience. The same goes for most information these programs steal. Stopping Generative AI from stealing from others is a vital part of regulating it&#39;s use to ensure it doesn&#39;t create undue harm to humans. Human beings have more rights than a computer program. That is what the constitution and its amendments are all about, isn&#39;t it? No where in those vital documents does it state that the wealthy have the right to steal art and information from the lower classes in order to better themselves and concentrate wealth. Governments who do allow those things are called fascists, and the last time a fascist government as a whole gathered art for it&#39;s own use, tens of thousands civilian deaths occurred. 