<br/>As an artist and cultural consumer I find current generative ML model training practices deeply unethical as they use copyrighted work without consent or compensation. The company that created the model profits, the people using the model profits, but the artist who labored to create the work the model was trained on does not. Artists should have the option to either profit by licensing their work for training or they should be able to opt out and prevent their work from being used to train AI. Allowing corporations or organizations to use any copyrighted work to train generative ML models results in contemporary working artists having their labor and finished work devalued by allowing others to effortlessly create work in someone else&rsquo;s recognizable style without their permission and without compensation. People have said you can&rsquo;t copyright a style but I think the law needs to change. A human artist can copy another artist&rsquo;s style but cannot produce infinite works in that style in seconds fundamentally devaluing the work of the original artist. Why would anyone hire the original artist if they can use a prompt to generate a work in their recognizable style without compensation. Copyright law was designed to protect creators and innovators and ensure that they benefit from their own creations. However, in a world with ML, current copyright law is inadequate and needs to be amended to include recognizable individual styles, the ability to be compensated for use of copyrighted work as training data and the ability to opt out. Moreover there needs to be government regulation that forces the creators of these models to build them in a way that allows full transparency as to what the model is doing under the hood. The model needs to show which works were used to generate a specific image (or text or audio etc&hellip;). We need to be able to trace the generated work to the training data and retroactively remove training data at the request of creators. Additionally, all AI tools and ML models should have to be registered with a national organization and there should be international cooperation led by the United States to create a global governing body for the registration and creation of these tools to prevent organizations in foreign countries from creating these tools and using artists work without compensation or permission. 