Technology will unabashedly progress as we move into the future and it is extremely difficult for law to keep up with the march. AI is a prime example and your opening for comments on copyright law and the use of Artificial Intelligence shows that you are aware of the law&#39;s inabilities. But now you have a chance to close the gap, to not let the wild machinations of technology surge forward into uncharted territory. Ever since human beings were drawing on cave walls we have been creating when and where we can. We learned how to use tools and aid in our survival and to handle the anxiety of scarcity so that we could devote less time and energy to worrying about living and spend more on thinking and creating. Humans are ultimately the creators and the law was created to protect humans, not technology. Copyright law was created to protect creators, not technology. Therefore, the U.S. Copyright Office should see obviously how humans are suffering as human creators have spoken up about how A.I. is affecting them. It cheapens the work and effort a human has to done to create work. It creates additional work and burden for artists since the influx art saturates spaces where humans publish their work, especially in the online space. And then there&#39;s the issue of subjectivity. Art is fundamentally subjective, subjective to humans, not technology. My blender doesn&#39;t care what it looks like, it doesn&#39;t have the capacity to care what it looks like. A creative algorithm, an AI skimmer, a generative tool doesn&#39;t have any level of subjectivity. It can only see things objectively, which is not how art is ever meant to viewed. Since AI isn&#39;t at the point of being able to understand subjectivity we cannot say that AI creates anything. At best it can only regurgitate pseudo artistic recreations of other creators art to at worst infringing on the copyright protection of real creators by using their work with out permission. The law should be clear. AI is not a creator, technology cannot create art, only humans can. Until humans are capable of creating an intelligence to understand the subjective world we live in as well as a human can, it cannot create art. It can only steal and copy other creators