As an artist, it is important that any regulation on AI focus on the way it is obtained (mass data scraping through automated means) rather than the output. The general concept of an artist style has never been considered intellectual property and this should remain. For example, generating an image meant to look as though it could have been painted by a popular artist, but is not actually a copy of any one specific work, should not be considered copyright infringement. If people would not sue someone over learning from looking at images and then drawing normally, they should not be sued for doing it with a computer. In the current climate of the internet, if someone does not want their work to be referenced by the public, it is their own responsibility to make sure those works are not available or to put watermarks on them. <br/><br/>A possible solution: Similarly to how people commonly list their medium when making something, all AI-generated works should be labeled as being AI-generated somewhere in the description when presented on any sort of platform, whether it be in a gallery or on social media (or if submitted to any sort of program, for publishing, etc). This would allow people to avoid such works if it doesn&#39;t agree with their ethics or for any other safety-related issue. We should also have stricter laws on data privacy and how companies are allowed to &quot;scrape&quot; data in massive amounts from users to do who-knows-what with it, rather than focusing on the output of the art itself. <br/><br/>However, it is still unfair if corporations use this tool as an excuse to not pay artists. Therefore, if it is ruled that people are still allowed to use AI art in its current form (using data trained off of people who did not consent), then AI works should not be copyrightable and should be placed as public domain. This does not apply to AI solely trained off of consenting participants or off of art created by the person/group who made the AI.<br/><br/>My main concern with AI policing is that we are already seeing many artists with surrealistic or abstract art styles getting accused of using AI art, even if they are not. People who are familiar with music and video copyright know that websites such as YouTube have problems with people falsely submitting copyright claims and takedowns over any vague similarity, even if usage of the footage or audio is fully legal, and oftentimes YouTube just allows people to get away with these false claims since they don&#39;t want to bother to moderate it. The idea of &quot;style theft&quot; is also prevalent among artistic communities, with people even going so far as to attack artists who use a similar genre to another popular artist. Creating stricter rules surrounding intellectual property only serves as a constriction of creative expression in the end. 