I do NOT believe that any AI generated media should be eligible for copyright. As most AI is trained on other media, much of which is subject to current copyright, I believe any attempt to copyright AI generated images or text infringes on the rights of those works that were used. Even if it does not appear similar to a singular piece, if it pulls from many than that is a violation of many artists or writers in a single piece. Further, the work is done by a computer--not in the same way as using a word document or art program, but that no human has input in the creation process beyond writing a prompt.<br/><br/>As a human creative process isn&#39;t really involved from beginning to end, then there is no originality from a person that can truly be stated to be unique and worthy of protecting via a copyright. When companies or another individual holds a copyright over someone else&#39;s work, it should be in a case where the media was created by humans under a contract and the creative human is compensated for their labor and creative process so that another person or entity can hold that right. This means giving those people prompts as well, and input. If the work is done by a computer, that computer has no right to the work it has created--and neither should the company as there is no guarantee that another program will not produce the same or similar results with the same prompt, unlike humans who can research and inform themselves of other works. If there is no ability to have a back and forth in the creative process to ensure originality with the &quot;artist&quot; or &quot;writer&quot; via programs, then there should be no ability to copyright the work as it can&#39;t be guaranteed to be original.<br/><br/>Lastly, while fine for small scale unprofessional means, AI programs can cause issues with complacency. Already a lawyer (Steven A. Schwartz) has attempted to use ChatGPT to write a motion for a case, telling it to use similar cases as legal precedence. Unsurprisingly, the AI bot included several non-existent cases as examples. Giving any credence to AI programs could become a slippery slope in legitimizing their use in other professions. It would be better to make a hard line that work that has not been vetted by a person, creative or professional, is not protected under law in order to ensure professionals in all fields do their due diligence. Using them in small capacity, as inspiration or background art or assistance is one thing, but pushing out real flesh and blood artists, writers, and even legal assistants creates only more stress for fields that already have a difficult time garnering the respect in many industries despite many relying on them.