While there has been much discussion of copyright issues raised by AI, it has largely been due to misunderstanding the facts of how AI works and what currently exists as far as copyright is concerned. When art (or writing) is released to the public, it is implicit that it will have impact on other artists, influencing their styles and leading to inspired (if not derivative) works. AI is simply a new form of this process. Any rules that prevent AI from being trained on material that don&#39;t prevent human students from being trained would have to be extremely carefully framed and explicitly mention AI (which would require defining it, and as a rapidly evolving field, one whose name has changed multiple times in the last decade, this will be quite difficult to do well). Further, precedent has been set by Japan&#39;s decision that training models is protected, and under existing US copyright law, cases can (and will) be made that AI models are tranformative work, especially as the results can almost never be traced to particular training materials. Of course, copyright law would still apply to the output: someone who produces images of Mickey Mouse with AI should be in the same legal situation as someone who hand-draws them,and no new regulations are needed for that.<br/>As for the copyright of AI generated works, the current rulings that AI works cannot be copyrighted seems to represent a compromise position. Doing this protects human artists by ensuring that their direct input is needed to gain the protections of copyright and will help to mitigate job loss as these new tools become more and more widespread. On the other hand, it is worth noting that though the most successful commercial examples of Generative AI (Midjourney, DALL-E, ChatGPT, etc.) work in the &quot;prompt-response&quot; model that has been assumed in all cases ruling that AI generated works aren&#39;t eligible for copyright, there are also more complex programs that act more like toolboxes with substantial human input beyond prompting, and likely should not fall under the rulings that treat AI as fully without human creative input. This is a difficult issue to handle, and clarity on how much human impact is needed for copyright protection is necessary. I fervently hope that the Copyright Office will make clear regulations as to when a work that involves complex computational models is protected by copyright, and will do so knowing that simply saying &quot;AI&quot; will be easy to work around and that if too broad a brush is painted with, then standard tools such as Photoshop and GIMP may be caught in it, preventing the copyright of retouched photographs.