One of the problems making &quot;ai art&quot; copyrightable is the industry itself hasn&#39;t put in any tools to protect users from legal ramifications from a change in standard, and yes this is something completely on the hands of the creators of these pieces of software. Because of the nature of ai two or more individuals can create the same piece so who has the right to copyright it. What if person 1 created the piece but never did anything with it and person 2 creates the same piece some months later and copyrights it, does person 1 have a legal case to subvert the copyright filing of person 2? What if during the legal argumentation a third person comes and creates the same piece and uses it commercially, not knowing about the copyright issue? What legal recourse does the winner of the first legal argument have and what protection does the 3rd person have? What if a 4th person makes the same piece but with ai tools to make the piece different but clearly derivative  does the original copyright holder have grounds to sue fir infringement or is it voided because ai tools were used to make that derivative. And more importantly what are major image generator companies like Stability, Midjourney, or OpenAI implementing to help protect their consumers from accidentally committing copyright infringement? What are they implementing to protect the average consumer from potential fraud such as expecting a hand drawn piece only for it to be ai? Have they come up with a tagging solution that can&#39;t be beaten?<br/><br/>All of these are probably a fraction of a fraction of questions and industry standardization that NEEDS to be answered before any serious consideration of copyright is granted to ai generation. Its clear the industry is too infantile and the companies wanting to get copyright ability have neither bothered nor cared to answer any of the above questions or anything within the same spirit. They want to make the end users fight while trying to keep their hands clean and until they can come up with clear tools to protect end users from the use of THEIR software that has been properly implemented and stress tested they have no right to even consider copyright.