Qualifications: I hold a MS and PhD in Electrical engineering from Columbia University and specialized, among other things, in deep Artificial Intelligence applied to different data such as bioacoustics signals, text, and images/video. I am also a patent attorney.<br/>Applicable to Q4: Japan appears to have amended its copyright bill to add an exception for the use of copyrighted material as training data for AI models. A similar approach (e.g., amendment of fair use) maybe worth introducing in the US in order to foster the development of AI technologies. However, limitations should be considered based on (i) the type of data used to train the model and (ii) the scale and pervasiveness of the model. Specifically, restrictions to the type of data can be implemented in a manner that harmonizes with data privacy, and general trust &amp; safety. It is also likely that data clearinghouses and open licenses can be used to aid the development of AI technologies while protecting intellectual property rights. Similarly, the scale of the model can also be a factor in the application of the copyright exception. For example, large models typically include multiple parameters that require large and diverse datasets in order to be meaningfully trained and thus reliable. In such cases, an opt-in preference from data holders to receive under a tiered royalty system of data licensing may be an option. Generally, the notion would be that the copyright exception should not apply but should be potentially relaxed for large scale AI models that penetrate the fabric of daily life (potentially employed by large corporations). Conversely, there is an expectation that such AI technologies will become customizable at the individual level creating a private AI network based on data collection through wearables, IoT enabled devices and smartphones. In those cases, and when the AI is employed for a household the exception should apply.<br/>Applicable to Q7/Q8: Generally, there are two broad approaches in machine learning &ndash; a collection of algorithms that underlie most artificial intelligence systems such as ChatGPT, DALL-e etc. &ndash; supervised and unsupervised learning. Supervised learning requires the use of labeled data to ascertain the parameters of the algorithm that comprises the model. The set of data used for that function is known as training data. Moreover, prior to applying a supervised learning model one also typically uses a validation data set that provides information on the stability of the parameters used. Conversely, unsupervised learning does not require or use labeled data when employed. Accordingly, it is the use of training data (and potentially validation data) in supervised learning applications that becomes more relevant for copyright purposes. At a high level, training a model with a training data set is nothing more than identifying the required parameters of the algorithm/model and tuning them such that the error between the labels of the training data and the predicted label by the model is minimized. A good model will have parameters that minimize the error not only in the training data, but also the validation, and testing data (i.e., a set of data that the model has not previously seen). That concept is known as generalization and in simple terms describes the ability of the model to mathematically describe the underlying concepts of the data rather than capturing simply the granular, low-resolution similarities (e.g., pixels, bits etc.). To generalize, a model needs to be exposed to a diverse training data set that is, at least, large in size and non-homogenous. Inversely, when the model is not able to generalize because of, among other things, limitations of the training data (e.g., size, homogeneity) then we have what is called overfitting of the model to the training data set. In those cases, the model&rsquo;s prediction accuracy is constrained to the training data set such that if it is exposed to previously unseen data it is unable to predict correctly. In essence, this happens because the model has &ldquo;memorized&rdquo; or &ldquo;copied&rdquo; the underlying data. Given that copyright infringement relies broadly on the concepts of &ldquo;substantial similarity,&rdquo; a correlation can be drawn between a model that exhibits overfitting and the likelihood that it is copying the underlying (potentially copyrighted) data and thus, is more susceptible to copyright infringement. Accordingly, a metric related to the generalization/overfitting capabilities of the AI model can constitute an aid into determining whether an AI model&rsquo;s output and use of copyrighted data constitutes an infringing action. Such a metric, which can include both quantitative and qualitative elements, would also allow and promote more accurate and efficient AI models and foster innovation within the field.<br/>