I strongly oppose AI. AI has led to mass layoffs in an economy that is already suffering with no other jobs for people to turn to, it has led to exploitation by use of deepfakes, voice mimicking, and sexually exploitative photos of children as well as adults. In a time where we are inundated with floods of information, people struggle to determine what is real and what is fake. AI will only lead to more economic suffering and social instability. I am an artist by trade and I have seen it destroy lives. People are scared since there seem to be no regulations and the only people being formally interviewed seem to be big tech companies and CEOs that have only an interest in money. AI companies cannot be trusted to self regulate, it&#39;s like asking cigarette companies to self regulate. AI has stolen billions of images and infringed on copyright. It&#39;s knowledge is built of the backs of people who never asked to be replaced by this tech. This is not a tool, companies will use this as a replacement. People cannot opt out as there is not central way to track when your work has been used. AI models also cannot forget things it has trained off of. So to truly allow people to opt out, the model has to be purged entirely and start from scratch. Companies that have sprouted up to track these &#39;opt outs&#39; have tracked millions of people trying to remove their work, their art, their writing, their voices. AI has claimed that it can help people, but all I&#39;ve seen are greedy companies firing people; get rich quick schemes. I have seen no real helpful benefits of AI. Only people losing their livelihoods. It is horrible to see that AI has been developed to take over the things that make people human; the ability to express creatively should be a solely human endeavor. I believe their should be massive restrictions on AI and the companies that have been infringing on copyright should be severely punished. Anything that AI touches should not be able to receive copyright, as what it spits out is just an amalgamation of the billions of hard work human beings have made.