I am a professional voiceover artist based in Washington State. My colleagues and I are currently on strike with SAG-AFTRA over the existential threat that AI poses to our very way of life. Tech companies, studios, and individual citizens are currently using old snippets and full-length recordings of our voices to synthesize our voices without our permission; such actions always carry the potential to upend our professional and personal lives, cost us our livelihoods, and ruin our reputations. In addition, these companies and individuals are constantly collecting and using recordings of our voices to train AI programs and software to mimic human speech more and more convincingly, which also carries it with it the potential to end our careers and permanently erase the human element of voiceover and associated professions. The same can be said for artists and other creative types, as their work is also being stolen and used without permission or compensation to bring about similar results.<br/><br/>Speaking of society, is it not the goal of an advanced society to create a world in which people have the freedom to spend their time and energy creating art? Then why is it that such a vapid and soulless venture as training machines to replace the human element inherent to multiple forms of artwork and entertainment is allowed to progress unabated, especially without the consent, compensation, or notification of those whose voices and works are being used to bring about such a result? Imagine the short and long-term consequences this venture could have on an already atomized and polarized society.<br/><br/>Also, consider the effects such a venture could have on personal corporate, and even national security. Many people rely on biometric data - including their voice - to secure their assets and those of their businesses. AI voice synthesization could effectively circumvent such measures and lead to untold disaster for the average citizen. Also, AI has advanced to such a degree that one random citizen - or one bad actor from a country as dangerous as Russia or China - could create a convincing deepfake of any politician (including the President of the United States) declaring or threatening war or imminent violence against a rival nation, potentially igniting physical confrontations that could cost many people their lives. In addition, AI art is only becoming more realistic by the day; it is only a matter of time before false &quot;photographs&quot; or &quot;videos&quot; of street fights or war zones ignite confrontations all by themselves. We&#39;ve already seen what trolls and bots using pictures plucked from Google Images can do to society through social media and other Web-based mediums. Imagine what could happen if those same people gained the ability to synthesize hyperrealistic images with the click of a button.<br/><br/>For the good of society and the world, individuals must be immediately granted exclusive and federally-protected ownership of all of their biometric data and creations. And no tech company or individual should ever again be allowed to use this data to train AI programs or to synthesize imitations of said data.