Hello, I am an artist who supplements my small full-time income with art commissions mostly from other individuals. So most of what I have to say about AI relates to image generation.<br/>I personally feel that most AI generated images should not be copywriteable. Creating them is not actually under the control of the individual who provides the prompt, in the same way that commissioning a piece of art from a painter does not mean that you CREATED it. That simply doesn&rsquo;t make sense. There can be no responsibility for something created by AI, it just regurgitates whatever is put into it.<br/>Also the problems that come from the creation of those images, usually made from the copyrighted work and photos by individuals or even large companies like Getty Images are so murky and morally questionable. Especially when they have access to not just art images but personal photos, private information, and anything that can be found on the web. That isn&rsquo;t just a matter of copyright but safety and privacy for the public.<br/>Small collections of images, that you 100% own might have a place in art and creation and media. Adobe has made an AI image generator that only has access to images that they own and have permission to use. That seems fine to me. But most of these large image generation programs can and will continue to steal art if they are allowed to. I do not feel that they will operate in good faith unless forced to by law and regulation.<br/>I have noticed a dip in interest in my art work recently and while I cannot say cheap AI generated images being widely available is the reason, I cannot help but feel they may be related. The idea that someone is using the stolen images of other artists (or even my own stolen images) to take business away from me is very hurtful. I am low-income, most artists are, and these AI image generation programs hurt small independent artists without money and resources the most. We just want to be protected from what companies will do to us if they are allowed to. If they can they will eliminate us entirely, using images generated from images they stole over and over and over again, all of it built on the back of our undervalued and unpaid skills, time, and labor.