Regarding the question on accountability and record keeping, I believe the Thaler Court was correct - AI-generated proceeds are not copyrightable, whether the process by which they are generated is ultimately deemed a fair use or not. First, AI-generated proceeds ought to be treated no different than facts, events, and works long since fallen into the public domain such as Romeo and Juliet or The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. They are public domain materials which anybody can take advantage of, and the AI &quot;prompter&quot; understands the caveat that whatever the machine spits out does not belong to them. Second, though, to the extent AI-generated proceeds incorporate elements made up or deriving from works by others that are protectable, those elements remain protected but owned exclusively only by the users. The use of protected works in creating a prompt, or the appearance or presentation of protected works in AI-generated proceeds does not automatically abandon those works or the elements of those works appearing in the proceeds to the public domain; anymore than suggesting that the original expressive elements Disney&#39;s interpretation of Huckleberry Finn are any less protectable than the Nee Brothers&#39; later interpretation of the same character in &quot;Band of Robbers.&quot; Original works used cannot be &quot;washed&quot; of their protected status simply because they end up incorporated in AI-generated proceeds. The monopoly of exclusive rights, however, remains exclusively within the control of the author or owner of those works.<br/><br/>However, the obvious problem arises in the context of litigation. Woe be the alleged infringer who pleads the plaintiff lacks valid ownership of the work in question because the work is based on a public domain work, to wit, AI-generated proceeds. How does this infringer obtain evidence that the &quot;work&quot; at issue derives not from the plaintiff&#39;s original expression, but from AI proceeds generated from the plaintiff&#39;s mere original prompt? The alleged infringer does, after all, have the right to use those proceeds as they belong to the public domain (the Thaler Court got that correct that AI-generated proceeds are not copyrightable for lack of authorship). But how does this infringer obtain evidence contradicting the plaintiff&#39;s assured testimony that &quot;of course I didn&#39;t use AI! I came up with it all by myself?&quot; To that end, there must exist a repository of AI-generated proceeds; an affirmative record of the public domain, so to speak, to provide the alleged infringer evidence to disprove that which the plaintiff may prove merely by stating a negative: &quot;no, I did not use AI.&quot; This could include a requirement to third-party AI firms to maintain at all times a complete and total record of the proceeds generated by their software and machines (yes, even user-prompted generations). This could include a federal registration of AI proceeds. This could include a requirement that all AI firms include a digital watermark in all of their machine proceeds, that works with an indemnity provision protecting the innocent &quot;alleged infringer&quot; by allowing them damages from the third-party AI firm that failed to maintain its records. But there must be a means of proving that AI proceeds were generated in the first place, as it would make no sense to place on the plaintiff the obligation to prove a negative and which could be arrived at merely by such plaintiff&#39;s denial. Or, at the very least, to indemnify the innocent copyright defendant against damage arising from a third-party&#39;s failure to maintain that record such as to give the defendant a fair opportunity to defend themselves.