The nature of media generated by artificial intelligence in all likelihood belongs as in the category of a &quot;derivative work&quot;, as any work in question is generated from a database of artwork. However, unlike the typical derivative work, an artificial intelligence program does not operate with only one or two original works but is a compilation of somewhere in the tens of thousands of original works and generates media based on parameters designated by both the programmer and the user. The source of the conflict between original creators and creators who use artificial intelligence is at least a two-layered problem.<br/>The first layer is the fact that the databases used by artificial intelligence programs is composed of data taken from original creators without permission. While the data is in public mostly due to the original content being posted on the Internet, original creators are not afforded protection from having their work added to these databases without their permission, and this lack of consideration for the original creators&#39; rights to their work is the cause of uproar against artificial intelligence. Part of Title 17 of the United States Code of Laws indicates that copyright of a compilation or a derivative work extends to the material contributed by the author of that compilation or derivative work. Whether we take the &quot;author&quot; in this case to be either the artificial intelligence itself or the user, the result is that all of a work generated by an artificial intelligence is composed of a combination of preexisting material and whatever technique the artificial intelligence derives from analysis of that preexisting material. While the user may use certain keywords to change the way that an artificial intelligence composes a desired work, this only directs the artificial intelligence to ignore the irrelevant parts of its database in favor of the works in the database that match those keywords. The artificial intelligence cannot contribute material to a work because everything that it uses in its composition has to be taken from original work in its database, even if the artificial intelligence uses so many works that tracing the original works would be next to impossible.<br/>The second layer to this issue is the use of artificial intelligence to mass-generate such derivative works. This is mostly a moral dilemma than a legal question of copyright. Original creators are afraid that the use of artificial intelligence to mass-produce content will reduce the prominence of original work in favor of derivative works. This includes the speculation that artificial intelligence users intend to use copyright to mass-produce content for profit. Many websites that allow users to gain profit through sharing and selling media to others have already encountered conflict between original content creators and users generating content with artificial intelligence. Users who generate content with artificial intelligence have been &quot;flaunting&quot; their content whether they are attempting to claim that they do not use artificial intelligence or they admit that the content is generated by an artificial intelligence. There is the potential to discourage the creation of original content if content made with artificial intelligence is protected by copyright, as such users would surely attempt to gain profit by the sale of such content through the mass-production potential of such content.<br/>Even should there be copyright granted to derivative works produced by artificial intelligence, to whom should this copyright be granted? The artificial intelligence itself cannot hold and make decisions regarding copyright because it is not designed to exercise such rights. The company which created the artificial intelligence has sold its product to others and is therefore not entitled to gain copyright from it (in a similar application to Lee vs. A.R.T. Co., the Annie Lee case). The user&#39;s right to copyright work generated by an artificial intelligence is questionable since the user can only affect the work by inputting words into the artificial intelligence and has no further contribution to the generated work other than the decision to accept and display it or deletion from dissatisfaction. Even the use of these words do not appear in the final product except as the elements that the artificial intelligence has reproduced from original works.