Hi there! I&#39;m a bit of a layperson with all of this but I do not believe AI content should be copyrightable as it currently is really more of a data scraper and regurgitator that uses a lot of copyrighted content without proper payment or credit. I also believe all AI produced content should be labeled as such. As it currently stands what we are calling AI is still very much more closely related to machine learning and their is a ton of ways that AI can cause problems and spread false ideas and information. I have recently heard of AI generated books on mushrooms being published with incorrect info that could lead to people being poisoned. That is a major issue especially if people see that it is copyrighted and thus assume it is factual. Additionally as companies are not required to disclose where they are scraping the data they use for AI training is from copyrighted material is being fed into them and regurgitated as if original when it is not, and since they don&#39;t disclose people can&#39;t opt out and are not properly credited or compensated which can and will likely result in companies doing this for major and minor artists, writers, etc. alike and once they have all the data they need there is no reason to hire those people further as they can simply tell the AI they trained off their work to do it for them for free. It is similar to the issue background actors are currently facing and part of why they are striking right now. Production companies want to pay them $100 to scan their whole body so they can be put into scenes with AI without having to pay them which is majorly messed up and morally wrong. By preventing AI generated work from being copyrighted and further by requiring it be labeled as AI it will help prevent the spread of misinformation and make it financially unwise for companies to try to take further advantage of the groups that they already treat poorly and have proven that they will continue to do so. If companies are allowed to copyright AI generated works then the marks will be flooded with poor quality works full of factually inaccurate information that will take work away from the people who would provide good quality and factual work. At the end of the day people can tell the difference between an AI generated story or art work vs the real deal because of the soul and passion that bleeds through which AI cannot replicate since it isn&#39;t true AI as of yet. Unfortunately, a lot of things AI can do are things that might not require that heart and soul but do require factual information which AI is proving over and over to not be reliable in providing. Research papers, statistics, articles, even realistic photographs can all be faked by AI in a determental way to the world at large and they will become more common unless AI is not copyrightable and is required to be labeled as AI generated. I will leave it with this, you, whoever is reading this, would you be happy if someone used AI to fake an inappropriate picture of you that lost you your job and/or anything else important in your life? As it currently stands someone could do that with AI and if AI generated content is allowed to be copyrighted then the person who made that picture that ruined your life could have it copyrighted as well. I&#39;d consider that a very bad path to head down for the future