Hello,<br/><br/>I am a part time artist, and I want to comment on Artificial Intelligence and Copyright. I do NOT believe that artwork using generative AI tools like midjourney should be protected by copyright. Furthermore, I believe that the web-scraping that these companies used to train their AI is unethical and should not be protected by fair use. <br/><br/>Artwork created by generative AI should not be entitled to copyright protection because the end result is not wholly predictable by the artist and does not have the same intention and expression that artworks by human artists have. Firstly, generative AI is fundamentally not expression or even creation. These generative programs more or less operate like calculators that go word-by-word or pixel-by-pixel to guess at what a prompt asks of them. If these programs know anything, then they only know if they are close to the prompt or not. This process is wholly unlike the process an artist uses. Even a photographer considers lighting, composition, and many other effects when creating a work. A program guesses. However, AI users have a prima facie stronger case for artistic vision. They can craft very specific prompts (or get an ai to craft a prompt for them) to get exactly what they want. Perhaps in the future, there could be a stronger argument for this practice being an art, but as of now I do not think this is an art. If I set out to draw something, then I have a vision in mind that I want to realize. Generative AI are utterly unaware of that vision, and often have to iterate multiple times to get close. This art is not predictive or really expressive. If I got a photographer to take dozens of pictures based on a one paragraph description, then most would say I am not the artist. The photographer would be, but because the photographer in this metaphor is a calculator with no self-awareness there should be no copyright protection. I can even point to my own experiences with chatgpt and midjourney. I used both for fun, and I was disappointed with the results. Even after several iterations it was not my visions, and I would rather just write or draw what I wanted. A camera is a tool used actively by an artist. Generative AI is a calculator humming away while someone passively clicks &quot;yes&quot; or &quot;try again.&quot; Works created by generative AI should not be protected because they cannot be used with intention or used for expression in the way protected artworks are. The copyright office has argued in the past that works created by non-humans are not entitled to protection, and this should include generative AI.<br/><br/>I would also like to argue that web-scraping for generative AI is unethical unless the technology and results are public domain. The use of web-scraping for for-profit ventures hurts artists and eats into their market, which copyright is supposed to protect. It should not matter is a work of art is publicly displayed, it should still be protected. Further, requests to create a piece in an artist&#39;s style are not fair use or transformative. These requests of generative AI take the style of an artist whole-cloth without adding anything or speaking on the artist&#39;s style. In a way, this situations is as if a puppet or imposter pretended to be me and sell drawings in my style. This act would be infringement. Even if we did not draw the same subjects the actions of the imposter hurts my market for my art, which would be infringement and would not be protectable as fair use. The only way in which I can see these practices being ethical or used would be if these programs and products were public domain. Anything generated by generative AI is public domain, so are the programs themselves. If the technology itself is what is important to these researchers, then they shouldn&#39;t care. And if these &quot;AI artists&quot; really loved AI because of its art, then they shouldn&#39;t mind if they cannot monetize it. But, as generative AI exists at the moment, it is treated more as a tool for speculative finance and a bludgeon against artists than as a tool for the betterment of mankind. I would thereby encourage the copyright office to make works generated by generative AI public domain so researchers and AI artists can focus on improving the technology for the benefit of all rather than their own personal enrichment at the expense of working artists who struggle enough already. <br/><br/>I implore the copyright office to not extend protection to works created by generative AI. The goals of copyright are to protect art and artists, and AI is an existential threat to art and the careers of artists. The work of artists should be the embers of society that people value, tend for, and warm themselves with. Artists and art should not be gasoline for the engine of capital. We are workers who want our labor protected, not content for uncaring corporations and apathetic finance-bros. 