How might AI be introduced into an artist&rsquo;s workflow? In my personal opinion, not at all, or at least up to the artist&rsquo;s own taste. In my personal artwork, I do not believe that there is a place for AI anywhere along my artistic process. Nor is there a place where my artwork should be used at all in AI generators&rsquo; databases. Artificial intelligence artwork has been widely feared by many artists within the last year or so, and rightfully so. It&rsquo;s a scary thing to have your hard work be manipulated and then spat out a different way and claimed by someone else as their own &ldquo;hard work&rdquo;. This is why several artists on ArtStation, a portfolio showcasing website, have protested against AI artwork in 2022 . I&rsquo;m not going to judge too hard if an artist chooses to use AI in their own process work, but if I do find out that AI was used- even a little bit- I might not like that post, or I&rsquo;d unfollow said artist. When Netflix revealed their short film with backgrounds produced by AI generation , I promptly went to a pirate site to view the film. I viewed the film because by nature I am a curious person, and I want to see what all the fuss is about, but I am also firm in my values, and I would not want to give an AI production any props by giving it even one view. <br/><span style='padding-left: 30px'></span>I believe that lawmakers should recognize art made by an individual within different categories. For example, a category for art made by an individual while they are a minor or in grade school. Followed by art made during and/or for an educational institution such as a college. Perhaps there should be a category containing artwork made for one&rsquo;s own pleasure and another for the industry. No matter what, I believe that having artwork used in an AI generator&rsquo;s database should be an opt-in method of collecting. If it all cannot be opt-in, I strongly believe that industry category&rsquo;s work and minor-made artwork should not be included in AI databases. Followed extremely closely are institutional and educational artwork and then industry artwork. If we take these categories to the side and look at what is left, there is pleasure/personal artwork. I do not know any artists personally or by name who wish to have their personal or pleasurable artwork scraped to be used in AI databases and I do not expect to meet any. From now into the future, I will use Glaze, an art cloaking program that protects artists&rsquo; work from being used to make &ldquo;AI art&rdquo;. Its technology changes several pixels on an image that are invisible to the human eye but severely confuse any AI programs so that the end result may be similar in composition/subject matter, but not at all in art style or personal touch. This is revolutionary in the community of artists and allows us to properly protect our artwork from being scraped and used by people who did not put in the hard work to make it.