AI should not be able to copyright, arguably even exist, when built on the exploitation and theft of creatives. This doesn&rsquo;t just affect artists who work for corporations such as Disney. Many artists, lots of whom have had their work stolen and fed to an AI algorithm, are freelance workers, who do not have the ability to unionize and demand that their labor not be replaced by AI. <br/> <br/> Creating an artwork be it illustration, music, literature takes creativity, and art has always utilized the sum total of one&rsquo;s own unique creative ability and technical skill. It is unique because each person is unique and their skill and creativity is forged by an individuals own lived experience that is unlike any other persons. That is why AI generated &ldquo;work&rdquo; cannot be creative nor artwork. AI has no personal lived experiences it is referencing when it makes &ldquo;creative choices&rdquo;. It can only take from the effort of others. And unfortunately, spaces that once only functioned for freelance creatives and those looking to view or commission creatives, such as Deviantart, Fiverr, and ArtStation, have become over saturated with AI works that swallow up spaces due to their quick ability to generate, which often favors them since algorithm based social media now favors AI, which creatives cannot realistically compete with since virtually all artwork can&rsquo;t be created in seconds, and algorithms favor those who can generate much content very quickly. And to follow that up, the people using AI are infesting creative spaces and trying to sell AI generated assets and offer commission work, often times going so far as to deceive those seeking to commission real artists, doing things such as refusing to show process pictures of the work being created. <br/><br/> Creativity is a consequence of life. An AI that has no personal life experiences, no thoughts, desires, cannot be creative on behalf of someone else. It cannot even be &ldquo;creative&rdquo; on behalf of itself because the AI does not comprehend anything that it is creating, it can only follow commands, and be commissioned from via a prompt using information that was stolen from people and pieced together by people. And to have creatives own skill weaponized against them, especially in an economic sense, is already having devastating consequences on artists, writers, musicians, etc. ability to thrive, with more issues surely to follow.