These companies do not care about innovation or creation of art. They simply want to make a profit off of artists&rsquo; scraped art without actually paying them. AI is a direct affront to everything we creatives believe in, and we wish to not have it involved with us at all. This is not &ldquo;democratizing&rdquo; art, as literally anyone can learn and succeed in being an artist if they are willing to put in the time to learn. If we continue down this path the only thing we&rsquo;ll see from google is mass produced, targeted ads with AI sludge for art on every platform they own. Google is not for innovation, they are for PROFIT, and that is the bottom line. These tech startups and AI &ldquo;artists&rdquo; want the prestige of being an artist, yet they have no actual talent without the AI that has stolen from us. They will try to tell you that AI learns just like people do, but that is blatantly false, as AI works more as datamoshing things together rather than understand why an artist made the decisions they did in their work. AI doesn&rsquo;t understand why someone&rsquo;s art has been stylized, how their artstyle has formed from years of studying from life and learning the best ways of simplifying ways to convey it. <br/><br/>AI, if left unregulated, will absolutely kill the internet and all forms of artistry. The internet will only be occupied by bots ran by companies looking for pennies of extra profit, and it will be near impossible to find human-made art in the sea of mass produced garbage. These programs are a plague, and they are hated. In my personal experience I am an amateur artist. I began my art journey in 2020 and I have poured my passion into learning this craft, but should I have my opportunities taken away from me because of these new technologies? No, I should be able to work in a field I love, I should be able to create things that inspire people and make them feel the same things I do. This AI has no heart, it cannot bring life to its creations, the mistakes people make and the messages we convey are lost in its grasp. Humans creating art can be traced back to our oldest ancestors, we don&rsquo;t need a computer so intrude on our deepest desires to create and be remembered. It&rsquo;s inhuman to continue down this road, let people be the ones to create, not this affront to nature.