I am a student artist who has been taking art seriously for almost 10 years. I chose to train to become a commercial artist because it would allow me to develop the skills I was interested in and at the same time use them to make an income. I am now a junior at university and have done one internship at an art outsourcing studio that makes art for games, where I was a 2D illustration artist who made card art illustrations and avatars for mobile games. I am just getting into the field that I have trained a long time for and could not be more excited. However, AI has made me feel like all of my investments were futile, as I see how the craft of drawing, painting, and image-making are devalued by the power of the generators. What makes this difficult to digest is that AI is only capable of creating the images of such top quality because it uses top quality images as data in its training. AI could never create artwork in this style and skill if it were to remove the paintings from artstation from its data. This not only means that AI can only compete with us because it is using our labor, but also that any new innovations, changes, and efforts in art styles will subsequently be consumed by AI so that they too will be replicated. What, then, is the point of laboring to create art? Art has monetary value, and things like copyright protect that, so that people may own their creations and justifiably profit off of it if others want to use said creations. AI companies are directly using our creations without consent or compensation, and then using that to compete directly in our space. Data has value. They should not be able to freely take it just because we upload our images online. There is no other way for us to share the images. This is unlike other creative property such as software, in which the creator can share the product without sharing the data (source code). But with images, we must share the image to share the image. We must share the data to share the image. This should not give them rights to use the data for *commercial purposes*. <br/><br/>Lastly, I would like to note that art is labor. Ask any commercial artist in my field (entertainment illustration), and they will say that the only way to get good is practice practice practice. My colleagues, classmates, and teachers have all dedicated years of training to be able to create the beautiful art we enjoy in our entertainment media. Companies like OpenAI and Stability should NOT be able to use *our labor* to further their own product to then *directly* compete with us. Simply put, their algorithms would be NOTHING without the data they scraped from professional artists. Their product literally depends on this data. It should not be legal for them to train their models on copyrighted images. This is not fair use. And if it is fair legally, then it shouldn&#39;t be. 