My name is Tananarive Due, and I am an American Book Award-winning author who has been publishing since 1995. I have also worked in a television writers&#39; room and am participating in the WGA strike taking place, in part, over corporate dreams of replacing human talent with &quot;A.I.,&quot; based on data scraping and arranging human-generated ideas. Observers should be mortified by the fantasy held by film executives (and some publishers) that human storytelling is replicable and expendable, especially since there would be no such thing as A.I. &quot;storytelling&quot; without the use of already copyrighted materials. A.I. does not have experiences and therefore does not tell &quot;stories&quot;; it is a data-based parlor trick meant to imitate human imagination based on already existing records of human imagination. The U.S. Copyright Office is in a unique position to help to stop the race of corporations trying to replace human imagination with programs and &quot;data.&quot; These advancements are still in their infancy, but if corporations are left unchecked their profit motive alone would propel drastic changes in how readers and viewers access the stories that have helped inspire human imagination since the days mankind first discovered fire and told stories around the campfire. Storytelling is at the very core of human advancement: it is the way we pass on information from one generation to the next, the way we preserve our family legacies, and the way we light the path toward our future. Human stories are at the cost of often painful human experiences; in a television writers&#39; room, for example, much of the time is spent sharing personal triumphs and tragedies that might help make stories about fictitious characters more relatable and poignant. There is no such thing as true storytelling that excludes human storytellers, and I am among the human storytellers who unequivocally opposes any attempts to use my copyrighted work to train &quot;A.I.&quot; programs intended to corrupt and replace human storytelling. Corporations must learn that some aspects of human labor are sacrosanct, and that lesson will not be learned unless authorities step in to put a stop to their foolish dreams of publishing and film/television industries to exclude or reduce impact the human storytelling -- especially since that dream is not possible without infringing on copyrighted material. I cannot overstate the importance of this issue, and the necessity for the U.S. Copyright Office and other bodies to take action NOW to signal to corporations that their investment in A.I. and data scraping is a waste of money with no outcome that any of us should be willing to accept when it comes to storytelling. I hope we can rely upon the United States to lead the way for the world by drawing a line in the sand and saying &quot;No more.&quot; The strength of copyrights can help protect human storytelling for future generations. 