In common artist circles, though it isn&#39;t always protected under law, artists are incentivized by public pressure and risk of infringing on copyright to cite their sources for the specific images and/or other artists that they referenced while creating a work. In the case of AI, it has been deemed &quot;impossible&quot; by some users to determine based on a completed image which images it drew from ended up being used in the final product, but if this is the case then makers of AI should be required to have their software track which images in their memory they pull from in the creation of a work just as a human artist would. Even assuming AI art is capable of being copyrighted, it should be subject to the same scrutiny as human art. A system like this would also make apparent when the work an AI creates is a near-perfect copy of the work it is pulling from, and would then be infringing on copyright. At this point in time, when a system like this doesn&#39;t exist but it is proven possible to get replicas of other artists&#39; work to be created using AI, it should be required that artists, including photographers, musicians, visual artists, and writers, give permission for their work to be used to train AI before it can be used by a programmer. Liability in failing to do any of this should fall to the programmer for not following the proper procedures and taking work that wasn&#39;t theirs to use as data for a program. <br/><br/>AI that specifically mimics human voices or video in particular has the potential even in its current state to be radically damaging. With the ability to create audio, pictures, or video of people saying or doing things they did not, it is possible to distort news, present even criminal fiction as fact, and, as I was alerted to recently, create explicit material with a celebrity, other person, or even minor without the person&#39;s consent. Even in more casual instances, public figures can be made to say things they did not and have their image distorted to fans which can damage their career and has made these figures deeply uncomfortable, in cases where I have been able to speak with the recipient. The other case, where actors&#39; voices or image is used to have them say lines they weren&#39;t paid to and didn&#39;t say, takes away job opportunities from  human actors who deserve to be in control of their own voices and paid for it. The only benefit I am aware of in this case is the possibility to make moderately entertaining joke media or more realistic text-to-speech for personal use. It ultimately does far more harm than good and could do much more, so it is my opinion that this particular type of AI should be highly restricted as to what it can be used for, whose voices or images can be taken with or without consent, and what those likenesses can be used for. It is my belief that, at the very least, actors whose likenesses are used for more media than they recorded themselves should be paid for and made aware of additional commercial material that uses them.