There&#39;s a lot to say about copyrighting generative works, and I hope to provide an unbiased response, but the situations around AI as it stand border on unethical at the best of times. As it stands there&#39;s no real way to prevent certain art from being used, and hypothetical methods of banning certain art could be easily exploited. I&#39;ll attempt to respond to the questions given on the website, though some I cannot speak to 1. Very few potential benefits aside from making art cheaper to produce, and many drawbacks including the removal of jobs and careers from the market - this alone could potentially be catastrophic to the economy. generative machine learning is incredibly harmful to creators of any type of art and will lead to a rapidly declining diversity within artistic fields. 4. While I have no specific approaches other countries have made, something like this MUST be considered on a national basis, not state-by-state. 5. Legislation should be created to protect artists from having their art or other intellectual property unwillingly fed to generative machine learning algorithms. Furthermore, it should be illegal for corporations to be able to hide clauses that sign away rights for art or other intellectual property - for example, a separate document should be created that requests the usage of a person&#39;s intellectual property. 6. copyrighted training materials are often scraped from social media websites such as Twitter (or X), Tumblr, Instagram, and other websites which allow for the sharing of images. Often it&#39;s easy to just download a picture from these websites and from there, they can be used for any purpose without the original owner&#39;s knowledge. It&#39;s a difficult thing to regulate but there would NEED to be some form of protection on these websites to prevent unlawful use of another&#39;s intellectual property. 7. From my understanding, most AI systems essentially recognize patterns found within a large amount of training data and attempt to generate an image based on a prompt that is given to it. So long as the training data has reference for what a block of wood is, it will attempt to generate what it believes to be a block of wood. 9. Copyright owners should be required to affirmatively consent (opt in) and making it the default with an option to opt out is, for lack of a better word, scummy practice and leads to nothing but poor relations with the public when implemented. On top of this, people should be informed when they opt in to what exactly &quot;opting in&quot; entails. 12. To a certain extent, it&#39;s possible to tell. For example, when a piece of art uses a very dynamic pose, and when shown the original piece of art, the artist who made the original (as well as fans of the artist) can tell how the original art was referenced. I&#39;ve seen this happen a few times with various artists on Twitter, though I can&#39;t recall who exactly right now. 15. Yes, the only way for AI to be used ethically is for meticulous record-keeping of what sources are used for generated pieces of media, at the very least down to the artist whom the piece references. Disclosures should be made to anyone who requests it. Cost should be relatively low, as so long as the references can be recorded at the moment of generation, those references can be turned into a text file and stored for very cheap. 16. Personally, I believe if the generative work is used commercially, the copyright owners should be notified and shown the image that was generated. 18. I believe that there is no reasonable circumstance where a human using an AI system could be considered an &quot;author.&quot; If anything, come up with a different word for it. 20. Legal protection would no be desirable, as it would potentially prevent copyright owners of intellectual property from being able to properly pursue legal action. 21. No and no. 22. No. 24. There would be almost no way to definitively prove it, which is why documentation of sources is so necessary. 25. Both the developer of the model and the end users should be liable, just one or the other would not be effective enough to deter theft. 28. Yes, in any context where the generated work is used to advertise or in some other way be commercially used - perhaps a disclaimer somewhere to indicate that the work is made from a generative process. 30. Very few (potentially none), and those rights should remain as few as possible. People should be actively discouraged from using generative AI. 32. There should be protections against an AI system that imitates the artistic styles of a human creator. Anyone should be eligible for this kind of protection. 33. Sound recordings should be given the same treatment as any other artistic work. To be frank, this should not be what we invest our resources into. We should be making it easier for people to pursue art, not harder. Why are there not yet easily accessible robots to help with daily chores, or planning, or other things that do nothing but take time away from more important duties?