Obviously anything can hold advantages and vices, and AI is no different. But some gluttons are so greedy for recognition for perfecting a new technology and fail to employ empathy. There&rsquo;s no excuse in protecting a lifeless entity over a human being. Sure, AI could be used for harmless fun or easy workflow (like Generative AI in Photoshop) but we always have to consider that with an inherently human expression of self that AI has to learn from a prototype. So, feeding it someone else&rsquo;s lifeblood just to pop out its own completely negates the idea of art in the first place. AI has its spot in society but that doesn&rsquo;t, in any way, imply democratization without clear-cut regulations and/or reasonable punishments if used wrongly. Nor does it imply a creative role in the production of media and entertainment. Art is feeling. Art is imitation and influence of reality. While art is full of stealing another&rsquo;s techniques to forge one&rsquo;s own identity&mdash;an irrefutable truth that if any artist tells you is false, know that they&rsquo;re a lying liar&mdash;AI can&rsquo;t inject the necessary emotion necessary. This isn&rsquo;t gatekeeping. AI definitively feels nothing, so it isn&rsquo;t like it can get upset at being called soulless. It&rsquo;s reminiscent of the notion anyone is a writer. No, anyone can write but not everyone can write effectively and thus be branded a writer. Hollywood is already a cesspool where no one cares about the revolutionaries or even just the everyday truth tellers of impoverished, queer, neurodivergent, culturally rich, or, to this day still, female experiences. The heart needed for these stories can&rsquo;t be mustered from shallow humans already on a payroll, so how could we could possibly expect an amorphous collection of codes and number sequences to prevail? Anyone can make art but not everyone understands the title of artist. It demands devotion (not diligence, devotion) and respect. Painting, photography, filmmaking, editing, animation, writing, voice acting; all of these are industries have not stopped being looked down upon as just hobbies when they are truly livelihoods. In thirty years, AI may be able to mimic humanity to perfection, bringing us one step closer to losing agency over ourselves and it might not be the end of the world that some predict but it will sully an experience meant to bloom a person&rsquo;s voice to contend with the other 8 billion in society yelling their path to the end. If you care, you care. If you don&rsquo;t, then you don&rsquo;t and I pity you and wish good tidings.