Hello, thank you for the opportunity to comment on something so important. I am a software developer as well as an artist, so I have multiple perspectives on AI copyright law. <br/>As a software developer, I appreciate the knowledge and effort around AI that enables amazing insight into science and medicine otherwise impossible with human effort alone. However, some of these models have evolved through a researcher&rsquo;s own knowledge, effort, and revision performed over years, perhaps sharing data with other researchers. I believe an individual should be able to legally protect content or software that results from their own contributions, but not if it contains information gained without permission.<br/>This is the problem I see with the large language models that have swept the internet and downloaded vast amounts of data, without consent or forewarning to the content owners. I am particularly disturbed by how artists&rsquo; work is fed into the models and then used to generate similar artwork without any compensation to the original artist. I know firsthand the days and weeks it can take to produce artwork and the non-trivial cost of buying equipment and supplies to produce art. For someone else to profit from that without compensation to the artists seems unethical.<br/>One last note is that some AI enthusiasts claim that their AI systems learn just like humans. I think that is an incorrect generality. I have taken a few instructional design courses and the process by which humans learn is complex. There is something termed &ldquo;scaffolding&rdquo; where humans learn more quickly when they can relate a piece of information to past knowledge. Everyone has diverse experiences and education, so we all learn differently. Most humans also forget something we&rsquo;ve learned if it is not practiced frequently. Computers are not like this; they don&rsquo;t store data based on interests nor interpret a piece of artwork through a lens of emotion and unique skills. They also never forget. I hope someone would consult with an unbiased cognitive scientist or neuroscientist to help elucidate the fundamental differences between AI and human learning and more importantly, information retrieval.<br/>