While Artificial intelligence can be used in ways that make our lives better, the use in question is not anywhere near one of those ways. To create and to act out those creations had always been the lifeblood of many people&#39;s livelihoods and sometimes what feeds their very soul, and for that to be stripped away in favor of an little blackbox neural net cranking out re-amalgamated pieces scraped from other artist&#39;s hard work without permission, just so some big company doesn&#39;t have to pay the creatives that got them their riches in the first place is the WORST use for this technology i can imagine. There has been a sentiment these past few years that says &quot;If an ideal future is to replace all the mundane drudgery of life so that people can paint and write poetry, then what do you call a future that has a robot paint all the pictures and write all the poems so people have nothing but the mundane drudgery? That sounds like hell to me&quot; and that sentiment is exactly on the nose. The very core of replacing the human touch with resynthesized vomit has been pushed by spite and greed. The resentful spite of rich tech-bro who want images but don&#39;t want to pick up a pencil or pay an artist and the all consuming greed of some studio-head who will never know want i their life red in the face that they might have to pay those creatives that sow and harvest the crops of the studio&#39;s success. Both groups have talked about starving creatives,either as a petulant dig or as a tactic to further their exploitation. If A.I generated images become copyrightable and common practice then all those deeply human touches that actors bring to a roll will vanish, as will the paycheck of those who have poured their whole lives and being into making beauty.  <br/>for the sake of the economic health of the citizens of this country, for the sake of the soul of art and expression, for the sake of human self-expression, you should not allow this technology to displace people. Our creatives are what made hollywood the giant moneymaker it is today, and what have continued to make us world leaders in entertainment and if we want to maintain that edge, then we absolutely must reject the notion that AI generative art is copyrightable.  Let it remain a novelty, the silly toy that we used it as in the early days of &#39;nueralblender.&#39;  Let humans create and take joy in expression and be able to make a living doing it.<br/>AI datasets have multiple times used copyrighted images, stolen artworks, pieces of creators without permission, and it is time that we make it clear that siphoning off the lifeblood of struggling artis is unacceptable. 