I&#39;m an artist working in entertainment; in video games, comics, and animation for over 17 years. Everything I&#39;ve created as been for publishers, developers and IP holders. There has always been a sense of respect and privilege working on IPs that have been developed and contributed to by hundreds if not thousands of creators over time or even generations. Passing the baton of creation, and legacy to and from different groups of creators. Each creative group laying on another imprint of creative history and pop culture with each passing of that baton. While pop culture might not be considered high art, it is ultimately defining our young generations, which then pass on those stories to share with our children. They inspire us, our hopes and dreams, and even our ambitions and values. There is that respect of every IP, or story that we experience in commercial entertainment, and we talk about how a particular creator; a writer, an artist, an animator, a musician, a director, an actor or actress, and many more. We might look up to, or be inspired by any one of those creators along the path of creativity and process, and young or old; choose to embark on a similar path of creativity. Where we become citizens of a global economy under predominantly a capitalist society, but as creators we seek to inspired, motivate, and leave a legacy with those childhood imprints we picked up, left behind by past creators we were originally inspired by. There is value in what we create, and we and the things we create should be respected as well. If not taking the care, the intent, and the era of our times contextualized and imbued into such things as books, music, comics, films, animation and now video games, then are we leaving too much to chance to machines, and the control of IP and ideas to a few rich folk who only wish to and persist to control what we hear, see, listen to, read, and even think. While arguably flawed, copyright is one of those pillars guarding in respect and honor of all ideas created by the hands of humans. We must be disciplined, vigilant, and attentive to update the policy of copyright to protect from those who would commit grand wholesale theft of our ideas, mythologies, and visions.