The current state of generative AI is built off stolen data, with the intention to replace the writers and artists these companies have stolen from. There are many things that AI can aid in, but companies like ChatGPT and Midjourney promise that AI is the future, while after only two months on the market, ChatGPT is no longer able to accurately answer simple math and spelling questions. We need to regulate where these companies are able to get their data, and they need to have a clear outcome for what their AI is meant to achieve, rather than some nebulous future where all tv writers are replaced with regurgitated word salad of the last ten hit shows. <br/>The fact that these companies scraped their data from artists and writers first, with the assumption that they could beg forgiveness later, shows some sign of culpability. They claim that there was no way to ask permission, but companies like Google and Twitter (now X) are inserting claims to all art and writing put on their platforms as a part of using their service. Many artist have spent years building networks through Twitter, and now they have to quit the place where their audience can find them, or risk their art being remixed and repackaged as training for an algorithm that will never compensate them for their work. <br/>There is an entire industry of American workers, writers and actors, on the longest strike since the 60&#39;s, and their bosses are refusing to negotiate because they believe that these workers can be replaced with cheap AI.<br/>I am an author. As small time as they come. I write short stories, and I read a lot of them. The people who try and replace their fellow man with machine are never the heroes.  I believe my government will do the right thing, and put some regulations in place. Put AI back on track to streamline information, not to replace human authors. AI is built on data strip mined from human authors. It&#39;s not something that can be copyrighted, because it is inherently stolen. 