First off, thank you for inviting comments from the public. Given that working artists are the ones who are most effected by this manner, I appreciate the US Copyright Office&#39;s openness on hearing their opinion on the matter. <br/><br/>Speaking of the matter at hand, my thoughts on the matter that generative image models - specifically the companies that host paid subscription and freemium services of these generative models such Midjourney - are absolutely a violation of copyright. The intent of copyrights is to protect the market share of an artist so that unauthorized distributions of their work can be prevented and maliciously intentional imitators don&#39;t cause buyer confusion. Generative image models are plagued by both problems, and the companies who created and maintain these models have made inadequate efforts to respond to these issues. These generative models are frequently used to imitate artists and writers to produce direct forgeries of their works, and the users who input the prompts do so with the intent of passing the works off as the artist who they are impersonating. Some even use these generated imitations on products as part of a larger scam to make either a misrepresented or nonexistent product appear to have legitimacy. This has had direct consequences of the creators affected, such as writers on Amazon hosting bootleg and knockoff editions generated entirely by AI of books under the names of the authors who they are impersonating. It is also becoming an issue of identity theft in other areas, as some users who use generative models are passing themselves off as a specific artists in order to take commissions; commissions which would otherwise be opportunities for the original artist. Companies like Midjourney, Stable Diffusion, and OpenAI have taken very few measures prevent such usage of their products, as they have been reluctant to directly deal with users who use these models maliciously; particularly in the cases where the malicious party paid to use their services. <br/><br/>Further, I would propose that the existence of these companies encroaches on the market share that copyright is intended to protect. These generative models only function because they have scrapped billions of terabytes of images and text in order to create a vast catalogue of data for the programs to function, which is then sold to companies or individuals for a subscription fee. The artists and writers whom these companies have compiled their data from are often unaware that their labor was used to train these datasets for a paid subscription service, much less are compensated for the works that the datasets are trained on. I believe that it is fair to say that, without the unpaid and un-credited labor of millions of artists and writers to scrape the data for such subscription service models, companies like Midjourney, Stable Diffusion, and OpenAI would not have a product that could be profited off of in the first place.<br/><br/>Thank you.