Many AIs have been trained with images and texts they were not legally given permission to use (breaking copyright laws), and thus no AI generated work should be protected with copyright. They would need to be able to credit every single creative person who&#39;s work was fed into the algorithm as well as paying them for using their work every time the AI is used. The people who created the AI are the ones who programmed it, but they are not the ones who owned the creative works that went into training it. There&#39;s also a disturbing new trend of AI works of fiction being published under real author names. The actual authors should have every right to protect their reputations and marketing image by taking legal action against individuals trying to commit fraud with their identity. AI images have also lead to a new era of revenge porn where people can feed an image of a fully clothed person into the algorithm and it will generate a new image of what the AI thinks they&#39;ll look like nude. These fake images can then be used to harm the subject emotionally, socially, and economically. Images like these should not be protected with copyright laws. How revenge porn has been able to be taken down in the past is the person who took the photo owned the rights to it. How are the victims of this new AI revenge porn trend supposed to protect themselves when the images are AI generated? Since I&#39;m already on the topic of AI being used to impersonate a real human being and causing harm, then let&#39;s talk about AI generated audio. With just a few voice clips, AI audio can make anyone say anything. Again, the people who programmed the AI and the people uploading the voice clips do not always have the copyright on the voice clips they are using and thus do not have permission to use it. This technology can be used to impersonate someone saying something that can harm their reputation. Thinking about this on a political level could lead to election interference. These AI audio clips should not be protected with copyright laws.<br/>If we lived in a perfect world, the AI programs would have been trained with works they were legally allowed to access. However, we don&#39;t. In order to protect people and their futures AI work should not be protect with copyright laws. And we need to take this a step further. No AI programs, unless they can prove 100% of the works used to train it were acquired legally, should make money.