While the Office&#39;s efforts to grapple with the copyright implications of generative AI are appropriate for the little information we have regarding the effects of AI on copyright law, I question the stance on human authorship, particular to the first and second areas of concern: The copyrightability of material generated using AI systems, and the use of copyrighted works for training. In an era where machines are increasingly becoming integral to the creative process, should we not reevaluate the definition of authorship? What happens if I train my own transformer neural network to write me passages, or I combine multiple artificial neural network architectures to create a machine that produces texts and passages in my own words, or that uses a certain dielect or style in my passages? Are my papers then produced by a machine or myself? After all, I trained the machine. What about if I use copyrighted texts in my machine--is this any different than reading the text myself and using the information found within? These questions are complex, and while the public listening sessions and webinars were valuable, were there enough voices from the tech industry, which is at the forefront of AI innovation? As someone who has published a paper using convolutional neural networks and is working on an artificial neural network thesis, I know how complex these architectures are. The mathematics are so highly dimensional, mathematicians are only now beginning to take interest in them. What does 5,000 dimensions mean? Truth is--it doesn&#39;t mean anything. This is purely abstract information beyond the comprehension of our minds. But this doesn&#39;t mean these systems are complete mystery. I believe that ensuring a balanced representation of perspectives is crucial for robust policy formulation. What steps will the Office take to adapt as AI technology continues to evolve, potentially challenging existing paradigms of copyright law? The Office&#39;s thorough identification of copyright policy issues related to AI development and usage is a crucial step towards establishing clear guidelines in this evolving landscape, but the question of liability allocation in cases of AI-generated content resembling copyrighted works is intricate and warrants more careful consideration. It will be interesting to see how the Office addresses these nuanced challenges in its policy framework.