I am against the idea of copywriting ai generations. Ai generations at its core is a machine learning from humans and regurgirating what it learned. While there is arguably sufficient human input to be copywritable sometimes, which should (if ever) be decided upon by a case-by-case basis, I am against its copywrite protection. Any sort of protection of media for a learning system cripples the system in the long run, as that is a source of media the artificial intelligence is able to learn from. Furthermore, generated works being themselves copywrited is hard to enforce due to separate AI&#39;s eventually being able to generate the same machine if attempted enough times. Similar to the theory of monkeys sitting at a typewriter eventually being able to rewrite shakespeare if given enough time, this sort of situation could and oftentimes does occur with AI, notably when using models with similar generation and learning styles.<br/>There might be a case for copywriting ai generated from a custom, self-trained homemade AI model, as that would mean no input from other people, which is also a point to consider. Do other peoples&#39; input in the learning and the generation of AI works matter for generation of copywritable material? I think so, and while it&#39;s simply my personal opinion, I disagree with the copywriting of works generated due to input from other peoples&#39; contributions without their approval. With the current training of AI, the general standard is feeding one model thousands of images from the internet, copywrited or otherwise, with the goal of it learning a middleground between each style or learning specific parts from each image to selectively generate to standards set by a person who intends to generate media.<br/><br/>Apologies for not answering by-question but instead vomiting out my opinions of the subject as they come to me, and apologies for not using each phrase as predefined. Furthermore, my comment is specifically for media generations made by models that use other peoples&#39; creations, AI generated or otherwise, and copyrighted or otherwise, for media creation.