I will do my best to address all the main areas of this subject. First, AI (which is itself a misnomer - it&#39;s basically a pattern algorithm with lots of data) should only be allowed to use works under copyright with express written permission from the copyright holder, and there should be random verification audits. Second, they should be required to disclose all such inputs on a publicly accessible website. And third, AI-generated artwork should continue being ineligible for copyright. The human involvement is so minimal that it cannot be said in any way to be a human-generated unique work. Inputting a few keywords is in no way equivalent to actual creation, even a few rounds of a few keywords. There is no workmanship of risk, nor does the output closely correlate to the work of a specific person, and it is not limited by the capabilities of a human being, nor can it surpass anything not in its training data, which thus far is frequently stolen copyrighted work. Even when looking at digital art, a person uses their hands or whatever appendages are available to them, and that directly correlates to the creation of unique art. We would not call the output of inputting keywords into a search engine a copyrightable work, and just the same, AI output is not one either. A copyrightable work of art must be tightly directed via the use of hands, feet, etc. to produce a new and unique work via a person&#39;s labor. A finger drawing in mud would be far more worthy of the designation than an algorithm using a handful of keywords. I have had an enthusiast explain their perspective on the matter to me in great detail in person and the arguments were utterly unconvincing. Whatever minimal level of skill is involved in choosing prompting keywords, it cannot compare to an actual human creation. Again, AI is a misnomer - it has no intelligence, it&#39;s just an algorithm pattern. It cannot be influenced by a particular style or its own experiences, it cannot make decisions, and it cannot do something it was not already programmed to do. No intelligence is involved. The creator of the algorithm itself also does not gain copyright of its output, any more than copyright goes to a paintbrush manufacturer. A copyrightable work must be limited by the skill of the person doing the creating in the medium in question. That is the hallmark of creation - to both be limited and have the potential to learn and grow and surpass those limitations, and then find new limitations. Again, what is being called AI cannot be said to be influenced or inspired by the images used in its training data. It cannot think or feel, and it cannot make decisions. No intelligent mind in existence could look at the number of pictures or read all the stories in any given dataset. AI does not do this either. It does not comprehend, it does not think, it does not ponder or disagree or satirize. It is a theft machine, and if it cannot profit without theft, it deserves to fail. Its output is a math equation, not a copyrightable creative work. Thank you for your time.