I am an author and law student writing to request the US Copyright Office adopt policies that protect human authors and human labor by prohibiting generative &quot;ai&quot; (more accurately described as language learning models) from training on datasets including copyrighted material without permission, credit, and compensation; maintaining the rule that only human generated works are allowed the protections and privileges of copyright protections; and promote regulations that protect artists and creatives as a class of laborers.<br/><br/>I have personal experience in my writing and intellectual property being used to train language learning models without my knowledge--let alone permission--and without credit or compensation. I have published a little more than 330,000 words of fiction on Archive of Our Own, a non-profit fanfiction archive. My work has over 36,000 hits from registered users (and more from those reading without an account, since my work is publicly viewable). Archive of Our Own has been a target for ai scraping because it&#39;s an enormous archive of fiction, and produced for free with no paywall. While fanfiction lives in its own grey-area with regards to copyright, the general consensus is that while an author may not copyright or monetize features of the fiction taken from other copyrighted material, their own work--the words, the art, the plots and ideas--are all the author&#39;s IP and subject to the same protections against infringement. This is apparent when authors such as Neil Gaiman have to repeatedly tell fans not to send him their fanfiction because if there is a coincidental or subconscious similarity between his new work and the fanfiction, he could be liable for copyright infringement. <br/><br/>Another important wrinkle here is that fanfiction is by necessity not monetized. That is largely what keeps it from being actionable copyright infringement itself. Therefore, it&#39;s a problem when the output of a generative ai trained on these works are themselves monetized, both because it is unfair for those monetizing the ai output can do so while the authors in the dataset cannot or choose not to, and because it jeopardizes fanfiction&#39;s defense as a non-monetized transformative work. <br/><br/>In addition to how this effects my own writing and creative content, generative ai is a serious labor issue. The ongoing WAG and SAG-AFTRA strikes are in part about the need to ensure generative ai does not replace and exploit genuine human labor in these industries. This has nothing to do about the quality of ai generated output and everything to do with generative ai as a cost-cutting, union-undermining tool that facilitates the exploitation of the human labor that remains in the industry. <br/><br/>For these reasons, I ask that the US Copyright Office promote regulations protecting human artists, non-profit works, and the integrity of all the creative disciplines. AI is not going to totally replace artists--it is a human drive to create and that will not stop. What it does is drown out human voices with works made with spicy autofill technology. It will allow human artists to be more easily exploited in these days of corporate cost-cutting obsessions and make it harder for artists to control what happens to their work--whether that be their words, their drawings, their faces, or their voices.  