As a mathematician who understands the inner workings of what has come to be called generative AI, I have to say that legislation moving forward needs to understand that large language models (LLMs) like ChatGPT are not &ldquo;generative&rdquo; in the way that humans are. LLMs are statistical models of human language. When I type &ldquo;Hello&rdquo; into ChatGPT, it calculates to determine which words in its training set are statistically most likely to be used in response to the word &ldquo;hello&rdquo; and prints that to the console. It is not &ldquo;intelligence&rdquo; at all, artificial or otherwise. It is a statistical model regurgitating what actual human beings have already written, using the same tactics as a cheating student plagiarizing a paper to avoid detection.<br/>And where does it get the data to perform these statistical calculations? From human beings who did not consent to be part of this research by OpenAI and other similar companies. As a researcher, I am held to certain ethical standards, including the importance of informed consent obtained BEFORE carrying out any kind of research involving humans. ChatGPT and other LLMs did not obtain informed consent from the human subjects they took data from (the data being writing that they produced across many platforms). Allowing people to opt out of data collection is insufficient; they MUST be required to opt IN for any research carried out by these companies to be considered ethical, and they must be allowed to pull their data from the dataset at ANY time.<br/>I know this is about copyright, and I don&rsquo;t claim to be a lawyer with thorough knowledge of copyright law, but I urge lawmakers to refuse to offer predictive text spat out by a computer program copyright, to disincentivize companies from further abusing actual human creators who did not consent to be part of their research. The computer is not &ldquo;generating&rdquo; anything the way a person does, it is doing calculations on what astronomical amounts of stolen data inform should be the next word in the sentence. Do not encourage these companies any further. Do not give their products the ability to hold copyright.