See attached file(s)The following comment submitted by Bernice Yu, Esq. will discuss ways AI generated materials can be used in training, contend AI generated work created by machine is not entitled to copyright and propose a strict liability standard to measure damages for negligent use of AI generated materials be applied because data cannot be denied that foreseeable dangerous consequences may result because of failure to assume responsibility for  what is generated and released without clear digital watermarking of machine generated content.<br/><br/>The purpose of copyright law is to promote the continuous creation of work in the arts and sciences by people.  Protection of work generated by people with copyright promotes progress in society.  Throughout history this body of copyrighted work has developed in an evolutionary manner where what exists today is derivative of past work and evocative of what will come in the future.<br/><br/>The intent of copyright is to afford certain limited time monopoly like rights and protections in exchange for human contributions to the body of work.  Exclusivity cannot be granted to mere ideas alone like consulting detectives or orphan boys prevailing over challenging circumstances .  Work cannot be the subject of copyright held exclusively by one individual author alone.  Instead authorship should be encouraged so that pleasure is found in attribution as a named author just as first lessons led us to be inspired to pen a sonnet, compose a song or sketch a drawing.  Learning is our joy.<br/><br/>Copyright is governed by complex rules of interpretation and a quality of recognition and association possessed through life experience and memory often summed up as look and feel. Human analysis to determine if a character is delineated enough to be copyrighted or whether the line to substantial similarity is crossed to find infringement cannot be replicated by a machine. The threshold to reach and be eligible for copyright protection should remain high and remain a human determination. By its very nature there should be a fair exchange between author and society so that collectively we all learn from one another. <br/><br/>Therefore giving an author a right to opt out of inclusion of their work in a learning model is antithetical to the spirit of copyright. It&rsquo;s problematic to restrict the incorporation of copyrighted work in order to shield or restrict viewers so that others cannot compare, analyze, criticize or comment.  To teach students we want to examine the best examples.  Democracy means we share viewpoints.  With science we all advance by sharing discoveries  Use of works in repositories to promote creativity does not necessarily mean a worker will be eliminated.  Most copyright on scripts and screenplays are held by producers and studios not the hired writers.  In my experience the public prefers a modern fresh take on what may be evocative images or a story as old as time.  Trend setters are part of the present and call for the new.  <br/><br/>Since copyright is meant to protect works which are generated by people with the sweat of their brow let&rsquo;s agree that all machine generated work should be required to disclose its attribution like a digital watermark and is not entitled to separate copyright. This would include AI images of identifiable persons or works of art.  These works are better protected by trademark law principles of dilution, passing off, defamation and false light as well as privacy and publicity laws.<br/><br/>There is a human weakness to desire to go beyond becoming a legend in your own mind and expanding into some immortal world domination status which is at the crux of the concern.  No longer is imitation considered a form of flattery.  Rather envy and fear pervades that machines which seemingly have a capacity to learn well beyond people will eliminate the need for people.  The reality of copyrighted work is the distillation of human endeavor which encapsulates deliberate and intentional human choices.  The essence of humanity cannot be counterfeited by AI.  People are more than an algorithm shuffling collected compiled data for random output.  Also todays celebrities who apply for copyright of their AI enhanced image to control its exploitation should be rejected. We often see celebrities marketing their image in various avenues of trade which makes sense because exploitation might anticipate continuous use in trade. But copyright is for a fixed term so no grant of copyright.<br/><br/>Those who develop AI are in the best position to be powerful guardians of society inspiring a more truthful internet as we strive to build a society which seeks permission as the first step rather them pleading for forgiveness as the last resort.  Understand trends and see frightening events occur inspired by propaganda propagated to manipulate. It is time for content providers or internet platforms to be responsible and guard against negative occurrences and consequences.  Otherwise liability awaits.