It is my opinion that using copyrighted works to train AI models is legitimate and fair use of these works. This kind of use is similar to other frequently occurring contexts where humans build and expand on previous knowledge and creations to expand and generate new content. So long as these derivative works satisfy the legal requirements of being distinct and different from the original protected work it should not be a problem. For AI, that means that the materials used to train the model SHOULD NOT be included in any output. Simply generating the same material it was trained on would be a violation of copyright.<br/><br/>AI created works should not be copyrighted. It could be argued that generative AI is a tool, and much like any other tool or piece of software used to create a product, would be considered a legitimate way to create a copyrighted piece of intellectual property. HOWEVER, current generative AI (emphasis on generative) is not the primary product of a human. While humans can have input on parameters and models to different degrees based on different models, they are not substantively contributing to the data being generated. The creative work is primarily driven by the training data, and unless that data was self-authored by the creator (for example an artist used only their art to train a model) the end product is not a reflection of substantive contributions by the creator.<br/><br/>Using AI to mimic or supplant existing individuals should be illegal unless specific and legally binding permission has been granted by the person being imitated. In these agreements, individuals should have rights to be remunerated for their assets everytime a copy or instantiation of their digital simulacrum is used. Individuals have a right to their likeness and voice. Without express permission, using AI to mimic someone is a new form of identity theft with a likely end result of fraud by tricking or gaining financial or social benefits from other people. Like copyright, I believe there should be some limitations to this. Public fair use (such as fair use for paradoy for celebrities), as well as posthumous use after a period of years has passed (to prevent injury to family and friends of the deceased) should be acceptable. 