As a Semi-Professional Artist and Musician, I am wont to use many methods in my creation of content, Including methods Such as Interpolation, Sampling, Referencing, And Tracing. I bring this up because these are all well-documented parts of the artist toolset that are themselves built on the idea of taking a preexisting piece of art or media and incorporating it into your own. With this in mind, I see no reason that Machine Learning-Assisted or Wholly Generated Media should be taken as a sign of Poor Artistry, or outright malice. However, it is also important that these models are watched closely, both in their input and their output, to deter from the technology being used to Undercut, Copy, Or outright impersonate other artists. <br/>Transparency has always been my key rule as an artist working with AI. It is a rule that should be universal to those working with or developing Machine Learning models. Every piece of text or media used in a dat should be able to be traced back to an archive, and the outputs themselves should generally fall under Creative Commons, unless generated by a personally made AI model, such as one built from scratch. Of course, this also keeps in mind that generations involving copyrighted media can&#39;t fall under creative commons, themselves being a breach of copyright.<br/>It wouldn&#39;t be right for someone to sell a wholly AI-Generated Product by itself, particularly one made with a public model like Midjourney or Stable Diffusion. However, I still think these models could be a useful asset for people working on more involved projects, like illustrators and graphic designers. They&#39;re useful both for mockups and for Assets for use in a final product, but even still, I feel the level of human input needs to be judged on a case by case basis, with comparison between the assets used in the artwork and the artwork itself before it can possibly be considered for protection through copyright.<br/>I don&#39;t have any further thoughts on the issue at this time, but I hope that in the end, a conclusion can be made that both benefits Artists who use the tech and Artists who don&#39;t, and keeps large companies from using these models in place of real creators when they have more than enough money to pay them.