Submitter: Joseph Flamand
Organization: NA

I think the question of Copyright and AI has hit a crossroads. Obviously there have been problems with copyright for decades but with the trivialization of the 'creative' process which have been brought to light recently via the use of generative processes to recombine, ad infinitum, various elements much like random notes in a song, we have been left with an introspection into what it takes to create, and it is much less than satisfying. We want to believe in inspiration and I truly believe there is such a concept. There is however at least some fraction of every work, which is taken in at least some trans formative way from past works and experiences. This is inescapably so, and will always be part of the human experience. This however, is not in itself an argument for a conditional form of copyright, one which would otherwise rest on needing to provide ones sources. Since there will always be some form of adaptive plagiarism, we must always look as to whether the new work is sufficiently distinct and not merely a ripoff of some work prior. 

The main aspect of what copyright must accomplish is based then on what it at least aims to achieve, that is, an incentive to innovate. Its this incentive which even though at times won't be fully achieved and may not even hold so honestly, still it must persist as the goal, which in turn will be rewarded with the protections of copyright, at least for a time. 

Looking at how AI or at the very least generative processes work and recombine elements, and then listen to the derivative technologies, one can only be left with bewilderment. At the very least for a huge range of the processes underlying it few can say with absolute certainty what the aim of the machine was at a macroscopic level. The technology is extremely hard to gauge at the atomic level too, especially so when at scales seen presently. So then what are we to be left with, trying to apply a reward to such a system. How can it value such incentives? At the very least one can expect someone or some group pushing the buttons to reap the rewards of said works. This furthers the strong at the expense of the weak and their government, to crank out marginally unique ideas, a perversion of the system. In the end, sadly, not much can be done to prevent this angle. As groups can simply claim their ideas were self-inspired. It should not however be considered fruitless to enforce, that no conspiratorially generative based system can "claim" copyright over randomly seeded works, in spite of this. Rights should only be awarded to individuals/groups made of individuals, on the grounds that it can inspire and entice further works to be generated. 

The second angle of AI with respect to pre-existant copyrighted works regards to their training. I see no reason such a system cannot and shouldn't be allowed to operate. Firstly because in an of itself there doesn't pose any immediate attack on existing works and the copyright system, granted my first angle holds. This again being that generative or non-human systems cannot be used to yield newly copyrighted works. In essence this aspect is taken care of granted the first holds. Unfortunately the future is extremely messy and will be riddled with exceptions of groups trying to subvert both issues, and in bad faith. 
