I am an art historian and writer with over ten years of professional experience in the art world and the publishing industry. I believe that advances in AI technology are in urgent need of proper regulation, particularly in regard to copyright. In my view (and in the view of my community), a lack of thoughtful regulation in AI poses a very real and serious threat to several already precarious industries. <br/><br/>Today it is, for the most part, increasingly difficult for creatives of any discipline to maintain an adequate income or reasonable working conditions in the United States. This is due to myriad factors, not least of which has to do with major misconceptions in public and professional spaces about the amount of time and labor required to produce creative work. In short, creative work is de-valued, despite its necessity in diverse industries such as entertainment, publishing, advertising, packaging, etc. Every single artist or creative I have spoken to regarding the recent trend in AI technology has expressed major anxiety that employers would be pleased to replace their work with a cheap, shoddy AI-generated alternative. Some may argue that this is a cold but inevitable movement of the free market at work. To this point, I would like to stress that I think that machine-learning technology could be hugely advantageous in industries which require the processing of massive amounts of data and that this technology can and perhaps should be implemented to improve the working conditions and efficiencies of diverse industries where possible. But this useful tool is, at the end of the day, a method of collecting and synthesizing data and NOT an effective means of generating creative work which requires complex problem-solving and human ingenuity. The fact that AI demonstrably technology lacks these qualities (consider, for example, the proliferation of memes which show AI&#39;s shortcomings in composition and representation) means that it must produce the illusion of them. It accomplishes this, as you will well know, by &quot;training&quot; itself on a vast database of real artist&#39;s work and algorithmically approximating a pastiche of that which it has (almost entirely without the consent of the original creators) been trained on. <br/><br/>I have seen countless AI products which are in fact near replicas of whole compositions by real artists. The vast majority of these cases have been based on the works of small, independent artists who are unable to defend the originality of their work on a large scale. I believe this amounts to the art-theft and, since there are absolutely no regulations in place around AI generators at this time, there are no means by which these artists can defend themselves, their work, or the income they may lose by being priced out of their own unique stylistic production. Even more notable artists like Michael Whelan (known primarily for his illustrations and covers of prominent SF novels since the 1970s) has had his work almost exactly replicated (in essence, stolen). Being in possession of a more sizeable platform than most artists whose work might be used to train these systems, Whelan has been able to raise awareness of the issue on Instagram (an example which I encourage you to look into), but what about smaller and less-accomplished creators? <br/><br/>The theft of artwork is not simply a wound to the pride of an artist, it is a very real danger to an already difficult and often precarious career. Our creatives are integral to many of our most successful and celebrated industries and, despite this, they already tend to go unnoticed, underpaid, and often exploited. Continued advances in AI technology poses a very real threat to their jobs and has already resulted in lost commissions and left many in difficult positions. AI technology can be a useful tool for the algorithmic synthesis of data-- if used responsibly, it can create reports, anticipate trends, or assist in search functionality. But if used irresponsibly, it can fool employers into believing that they do not need to pay artists and creatives for their difficult and complex labor. I urge you to consider regulation which accomplishes the following goals: <br/><br/>-require AI companies to be forthright about which data is used to train their AI and allow creatives the opportunity to OPT OUT of this process BEFORE the training is done <br/><br/>-protect artists and creatives by prohibiting the non-consensual use of their work in machine-learning programing <br/><br/>-establish a clear and simple process for reporting violation of the above policies <br/><br/>-DO NOT allow copyright to be placed on products generated with AI technology. Any such product would be a non-human production based on the direct replication of the work of others. This measure would dissuade companies from relying solely on AI, thereby protecting the livelihoods of artists AND it would prevent art theft and subsequent copyright of a stolen product. 