I am a United States citizen, shareholder of media companies and a creator myself and generative AI is something that needs to be reigned in. Moral implications of putting people out of work aside, generative AI is blatant copyright theft. More often than not, it uses unsolicited copyrighted material to generate images, written works and other forms of media. Why bother having copyright, if anyone can steal it without any repercussions. To me that is no different than when foreign superpowers take American invention and innovations and steal them for profit. Not only is generative, AI theft, AI, and its current state just is not good enough for what it claims to be able to do. More often than not, I found while using programs like Google search and Chat GPT, the information generated from it is often out of date and incorrect information. For example, a few months ago, I was using chat, GPT to help create a formatted citation for film credits for a fair use project on YouTube using a short 3 second clip from Spider-Man: The Animated Series (1994). I was struggling to find out who had the current distribution rights to the show, so I used ChatGPT to find the answer. It said the current rights holder was &ldquo;Buena Vista Television,&rdquo; a company name that has not been used by the Walt Disney Company since 2007. So programs like ChatGPT are getting easily searchable information, wrong, what else is it getting wrong. This could be a dangerous tool to spread misinformation and cause harm to the American public. No, I think with regulations put in, AI can be a great tool, it&rsquo;s already been used in our electronics and in our daily lives for decades. But that&rsquo;s all AI is, it&rsquo;s a tool and the fact is a tool alone cannot hold copyright and writing a prompt just isn&rsquo;t enough to facilitate a copyright claim in my option. You would never be able to copyright a tweet or a generic writing prompt so I don&rsquo;t see how an AI prompt is copyrightable. As with the case of Naruto the monkey, copyright is a law that pertains to human beings and human run entities. If a human being is not doing the majority of the work or is essentially &ldquo;filing off the plate numbers&rdquo; of AI generated work similar to fan fiction, you simply cannot copyright and profit off of that work. If we do not regulate now, then we are dooming America and it&rsquo;s innovation forever and that is simply unamerican. 