I am tremendously concerned with the prevalent use of generative Artificial Intelligence in creative works. I do not believe generated AI works can be copyrighted because of the sheer level of theft involved in the models used to train these AI. There isn&#39;t a level of consent enforced in any of the major players in the AI world, as many of the studied works used to build these models are done so without asking the authors of these works, and thus the generated works should be no more copyrightable than theft should be. There are numerous examples of generated works resembling actual works to an embarrassingly blatant degree, even so far as including watermarks from the original author. The way the models have been built have been done so without any regulation, and it&#39;s not appropriate to give AI works any copyright, unless due diligence is done to ensure systems obtained consent from the authors who created the works to train these models. It&#39;s demonstrably different from being inspired by a piece of work and creating something from it, when these systems are a wildcard to generate work directly using other works as their tools.<br/><br/>Additionally, even in a world where consent is obtained on every model, it does not seem appropriate to me that ownership of these generated works rightfully belong to the one who submitted a prompt to generate it. It&#39;s no different than someone asking a dog to press their paw on a paper, then that person taking that paper and saying they own it. That person did not create the work. If anything it belongs to the dog or the system that generated it. And in the world as it is now, copyright can only be enforced by intellectual property created by humans. Should we alter this, then either that monkey who took a selfie of itself should have copyright over that photo, or the photographer who contested it should be given the copyright to that image. His argument of engineering the situation where the image was created is no different than a human entering a prompt into an AI. Copyright should remain enforceable only on works directly created by humans.