Dear Regulations Agency,<br/>My name is Daniel Short.  I am 34 years old and am currently unemployed and living on Social Security due to my serious anxiety, depression and spinal fusion surgery.  This is not enviable and I would not wish this life upon anyone.  Thanks to social media, some of my personal heroes are the men and women who work in the entertainment industry, creating regardless of budget or scale, just plain enjoying the process.  This is their job.  You permit these programs to go as I have seen them go in the hands of internet users, they lose their jobs.  Sadly, I know producers and CEOs in Hollywood right now would enjoy nothing more than to cut costs and remove the human element of acting and writing, which has caused a terrible strike in that city.  It gets worse for me.  I was told life is temporary at a young age, 3 of my 4 grandparents died before I was 16, the last one passed just before I turned 34 this year.  People are proposing using this technology to keep singers and actors &quot;alive&quot; indefinitely.  This will kill off jobs in tribute acts, which are the primary reason I go to smaller venues, like local bars.  AI should be limited to nothing on the creative front, or it will destroy the human element of that front.  I apologize if that sounds extreme, I do have a severe anxiety disorder, but the concept of four caring voice actresses I care particularly about losing their jobs to a machine that can say whatever is typed into it makes me lose sleep with the disorder and would be significantly frightening without it.  Humans create calm, compassion, joy and the feeling of togetherness in the little inflections of their delivery, I think if a machine does that, we need to discuss the ethics of creating an artificial companion.  Have we truly become so distant in this extremist, partisan time that we seek comfort from computer programs rather than human beings?  This also applies to the art world.  AI &quot;art&quot; flooded the website DeviantArt.  As such, it devalued all art in its style, which would best be described as &quot;realistic anime.&quot;  I got sick of seeing it, because people who used the program prized the fame of likes over genuine human connection, so they just cranked and spat it out repeatedly until it was almost all you say, making you really appreciate art that didn&#39;t look like that, art that was imperfect, made with time, attention and care, art made with more craft and less of a sense that they pressed a &quot;make perfect art button.&quot;  That art might have even inspired me to doodle a little on a recent trip to Beaverton, Oregon.  Sure, the art was far from perfect, but I liked it because it was MINE, I put ME into it, not constructed it and made myself an indistinguishable art thief.  In essence, the legalization and lack of serious restrictions on AI in the arts and creative fronts will turn creative output into indistinguishable art thieves, stealing from what already exists, unable to be truly creative.  If a power failure were to occur, their tools would be lost and they would be helpless, which is more likely with climate change spiraling out of control due to oil companies spending money to make politicians of a certain party hogtie the government&#39;s attempts to undo it, causing ludicrous hurricanes, wildfires and diseases that could end our country in short order.  An artist I&#39;ve read from compared AI&#39;s rise to the rise of fascism with Trump, Abbot and DeSantis, saying &quot;get rid of the reporters, get rid of the artists, no criticism.&quot;  I am seriously concerned about the fact that some of this technology has been used for a pro-homophobic rhetoric, all of those four actresses played LGBTQ+ characters, plus my religious faith has been strengthened by being friends with two lesbian couples, it reminds me that God was ultimately compassionate, not condemning, on this world.  Even if you don&#39;t believe in God, I think you should agree compassion is a better, healthier route than condemnation.  I still remember a quote I read as a child in my pastor&#39;s office; &quot;friendship multiplies our joy and divides our grief.&quot;  Stand up for compassion, that is the battle for the soul of this nation I elected the current President to fight, the last one terrified me so horribly and constructed such a cult it has taken until now to get back to being as bold as I was in Summer of 2016.  Without the banning of AI from creative outlets, you will be allowing such anxieties to run rampant in actors, artists and writers; film, magazine and plain old books, as well.  I&#39;ve yet to meet a machine who can capture the awkward, scared feelings of High School as well as the woman I follow on Twitter, or someone who captures soothing in words like one of those four voice actresses in a children&#39;s book she authored in a Dr. Seuss-style of writing.  In conclusion, I would sleep better knowing my friends will stay employed and my 5-month-old nephew will grow up listening to people, not machines.<br/>Sincerely, <br/>Daniel Short