Artificial Intelligence is slowly building a dystopian future. It is bigger than just losing jobs, and bigger than copyright, though those issues are bad enough. AI generated art can still show the blurred out remains of an artist&#39;s signature, stealing their work from a mass search of the internet. AI generated articles have made my job as a writer for a movie website threatened - my company makes a good effort to screen for AI written articles, but it is a constant arms race between the advancing technology and the software needed to detect it. And we will lose that race. Or you could look at the writer&#39;s strike, and the insistence by movie producers to be able to use AI written scripts, or even to own the rights of AI generated images, and video, of an actor&#39;s resemblance. AI is also beginning to replace my second job, as a customer service agent, with AI technology taking over a large portion of the work, as well as almost the entire IT department at my company, with it&#39;s software writing ability. Now, is this all bad? No, in a way automated technology is our future. It began with factories using robotic technology instead of human workers, and that can be a good thing. We don&#39;t need to have humans in jobs that are bad for our bodies or our minds, if it isn&#39;t necessary. Replacing factory work and customer service and other jobs with automation may be good. This is technological unemployment. And it will lead to an inevitable future reliant upon basic income for the majority of the population, which is also good. This is our post-scarcity future. No, the problem with AI is not that it is replacing jobs, but which jobs it is replacing - and where we are headed. Art is perhaps the most human expression possible, and replacing the creation of it with artificial intelligence not only undermines real artists, it discourages any potential future artists, which harms the production of art at all. And, it&#39;s just bad quality content, noticeably lacking heart. AI art isn&#39;t even really art, it&#39;s just content. Or if AI becomes the tool used to determine which shows or movies to greenlight, based on potential profit, all produced art will skew towards the most common profit denominator. Artists and writers cry out against AI, and only the profit-seeking producers and capitalists are the ones wanting to push it. The problem is the lack of oversight on where this headless monster is blundering, leading us forward behind it. There is a big difference between asking a human to do something, and asking an automated system to do something. There is a gap between the need and the way it is fulfilled, a gap where human oversight should be. A gap where our souls should be. 