I am speaking as an art student in my fourth year of animation school with a lot of experience as I have been a returning student after previously studying mechanical and aerospace engineering - as someone who knows both sides of the coin of technology and art, I hold a lot of personal stakes in the matter. I have taken the time and nearly 3 decades of my life learning the fundamentals of art and studying for hours every day of my life and sacrificing down time to finally be accepted into art school to pursue a career in art. Many people who do not understand what it means to be an artist do not understand that to draw and create take insurmountable amounts of patience, learning, practice, and tireless hours of work and dedication. I filled over a dozen sketchbooks with figure drawings, people, learning animal anatomy, color theory, lighting, shape language, character design, muscle and bone anatomy, perspective, realism, and more with observation and taking every amount of spare time I had to dedicate to learning how to draw. In short, as someone with a lot of work experience outside of art - art, in itself, is a LOT of hard work to master. With that being said, the so-called &quot;democratization&quot; of art is the argument made by people who have done none of those things to even try to learn to make art; they instead assume that artists are a bunch of lazy, rich, entitled people with all of the time in the world to lounge and just be naturally be good at the exact studies I had mentioned. I as a full time worker and artist have MADE the time outside of my work life to pursue my dreams, just as someone with the same 24 hours to spend as everyone else, I chose to spend my time differently - a career that people dream of should not be something automated; no child grows up dreaming of becoming a coal miner - automation should be reserved for the jobs that no one wants to do. As far as copyright goes, there are also already precedents for AI being copyright infringement even if you argue that the work produced is &quot;derivative works&quot; it can still be seen as impersonation or forgery of an artists work. I, as an artist, cannot copy a professional photograph with exact resemblance without infringing on the property of the original owner of the image even if my own interpretation is considered to be a derivative work, I cannot try to replicate a photograph from a professional without the permission or compensation of the original artist. The AI itself is incapable of creating things that were not from training data, and therefor, not capable of creating anything new - without the permission of artists and photographers, the AI is effectively stealing, and the research on the data sets shows proof that the algorithm is only capable or repeating what it has already seen. This is exactly why Ai must be heavily regulated and be unprotected by copyright laws. 