With the on going technological advancement and innovation, I believe we require an update on laws and regulation within the space of Generative Arrtifical Intelligences. There is a difference between &quot;Artifical Intelligence&quot; (AI) and &quot;Generative Artifical Intelligence&quot; (Gen AI). Artifical Intellgence has been incorporated into many faucet of life that allow certain industry to create efficiency and make certain things easier in life. However, Gen AI is a tool without regulation it basically allow the system to take data and information without consent and repackage them into the public where certain people are already profiting off of. Musicians voices are already being used through Gen AI to create fake songs the owner of that voice never made. Imagine this tool is being used to create fake vocal for voice activated defense system. Artists work are being taken and scalped into random art pieces without their consent nor were they paid to have their work used. In the future, people of artistic fields become less inclined to share their work at the risk of being stolen, which can lead to a strip of cultural identity since art plays an important role of shaping culture. Future programmers can start over rely on Gen AI without attempting to peer review codes they take from whatever anonymous sources in the internet and potentially create faulty programs that may not work and get implemented to important infrastructures that require precise programming (i.e. national defense or engineering). Gen AI like any AI needs to learn and gather information in order for the program to work. Unfortunately right now the way its learning is by having unlimited access to whatever the program can find in the internet and claiming it as it&#39;s own. A lot of the things they take from the internet is either false or have already been patented and copyrighted. It could be a great tool to humanity but it shouldn&#39;t be heavily relied on as a replacement of everything just so the people can make a quick dollar on the short term. Think of it this way, if human stop creating and innovating, AI would stop learning and the people who thinks it&#39;s a great cost effective money making program all of a sudden stop making money because AI can&#39;t generate new things. They cannot create, only take existing information and twisted it to something that still existed before.