I have deep concerns about the use of AI systems to generate written and visual works. Current systems have been trained on copyrighted material that they by and large did not have permission to use in this way and the system cannot simply &quot;unlearn&quot; what it learned. This then not only violated the original copyright with unauthorized use, it will continue to do so as long as the AI system is used or if any of the data from it is then used in a new system.<br/>Additionally, because it is drawing from unknown, uncited sources for written material there is an issue of actual harm being done to people relying on this for factual material. This may be beyond the scope of the copyright office&#39;s ability to regulate, but there are already AI generated books out there encouraging mixing dangerous chemical together in deadly combinations, eating mushrooms that WILL kill you, and all kinds of health claims that are actively harmful. Allowing those to proliferate in the market can have potentially deadly consequences, so putting in place regulations that remove the financial reward for AI generated nonfiction would be a net good for the public. That may be by not allowing such items to be copyrighted at all AND specifically noting that uncopyrighted AI generated materials CAN NOT be used to train additional written works using AI, so as to prevent this proliferation of material. Specifying the types of material that can go in to AI as being only items in public domain, those licensed for use, or some other specific types of original work that the author has marked as allowable should prevent that sort of material being sent out to the public.<br/>Visual material can also suffer from similar problems. AI can potentially generate deep fakes or generate &quot;new&quot; works from currently working artists that are not made by those artists. That many image generators can be told to create works in the style of indicates that they are purposefully designed to impersonate living artists and try to capture money that would have otherwise gone to them. This is effectively impersonation with intent to defraud.<br/>In particular, a specific ban that news sources and educational publishers may NOT copyright generative AI materials would work to help discourage their use in those sources. Otherwise this can very easily lead to an outcome where textbooks draw from completely made up historical events or produce scientific diagrams that are just flat out wrong. <br/>At this time, generative AI has the potential to do a great deal of harm to the public while also violating numerous existing laws. Not allowing generative AI content to be copyrighted AT THIS TIME would remove financial incentives to produce the work. An ideal ruling would be that no AI generated work may be copyrighted until such time as Congress issues more specific laws governing its use. That slows down adoption by limiting financial gain while also putting in an incentive to come up with a more long term, durable set of laws governing future usage. 