&quot;AI&quot; systems do not have simplistic answers because it is an eye-catching term that is frequently also misapplied for marketing purposes and to obscure the technology happening beneath it. Regulation in one aspect is therefore a challenge because there are so many varied things it can refer to; but in a different light, many of the facets of &quot;AI&quot; are simply trying to escape existing laws and regulation by trying to hide behind a different word. This is to say that copyright and other applicable laws (data usage and privacy, etc.) should be applied carefully to a technical examination of each system itself, and not to some mythologized interpretation of the system and its output. <br/><br/>AI is a tool like any other technology, and the intention of what goes into the body of reference material is chosen by its designers or programmers as to what will be interpreted and how. Some of these data sets are referenced with permission, or under usages which might be otherwise fair use (research, education, etc.). In other instances, especially those that are popular with entertainment where a nonstop stream of &quot;content&quot; makes the most money, those data sets are taken from creators of all types, frequently without their permission or compensation, and used in such a way that the output of the &quot;AI system&quot; obscures their inclusion completely. As a metaphorical example it would be like baking a cake after having collected up all the flour, sugar, eggs, etc.; the baker has undeniably transformed those things into something new, but if the ingredients were stolen from the grocery initially, the existence of the cake does not invalidate the initial theft. <br/><br/>Increasingly these materials that are included at best haphazardly and at worst as intentional theft are at the expense of independent artists, who already struggle to compete with corporations to defend their art. The creators who make these works should be carefully considered so as not to become collateral damage of &quot;AI systems&quot; nor of over-extensive copyright laws, which frequently become a tool of corporate capture. I believe that much of the technology behind &quot;AI&quot; is simply obfuscated by the language, and should be examined as such, rather than treated as an inconceivably advanced frontier of computing. AI systems have, for the most part, simply codified and rapidly expedited the way information can be processed. The amount of information is huge and unwieldly; but an individual staggering under that amount of data should not misinterpret it as some new inscrutable force, but rather look through to the extensive and systematically time-efficient infringement it frequently already is.  