1.<span style='padding-left: 30px'></span>As described above, generative AI systems have the ability to produce material that would be copyrightable if it were created by a human author. What are your views on the potential benefits and risks of this technology? How is the use of this technology currently affecting or likely to affect creators, copyright owners, technology developers, researchers, and the public?<br/>In my experience, if a human is intending on bypassing copyright or engaging in fraudulent or plagiarist behavior, they will find a way to do so. There are non-&lsquo;generative AI&rsquo; programs and processes that allow a writer to lift sentences from books and make small tweaks to &lsquo;personalize&rsquo; them, just as there are artists who can trace segments of existing work to create their own unique work. Generative AI works the same way, pulling from existing works to create a vaguely legible amalgamation. In a sense it is disingenuous to call it AI at all, as it is usually more akin to a virtual intelligence where it cannot expand its own knowledge beyond a limited scope, or a pool from which it draws.<br/>The main draw and attraction of generative AI is that it makes this process very easy; several seconds, versus hours or days. The time saving is a representation of evolutions in our technology. In our ancient history it took years to carve stone, but we can accomplish this with new technology in a fraction of the time. In addition, it can remove blocks and gatekeepers to artistic expression. People without vivid imagination, such as those with aphantasia-like limitations, may rely on generative AI to produce detailed images that they cannot otherwise perceive.<br/>It can allow us to capture images that would otherwise be costly (even prohibitively) to recreate, or even dangerous to create otherwise. It can provide entertainment and even education by allowing users to engage with historical figures, fictional characters, and abstract concepts via the use of generative character AIs. It can be a quicker solution than going to a dictionary or a thesaurus, or for checking grammar in lieu of a grammar checker. It can replace extensive searching via search engines by providing a list of results. If nothing else, it requires and rewards engagement, which is a step away from the isolation that webpages award.<br/>There is a concern that being able to paint in an artist&rsquo;s style, or write in an author&rsquo;s voice, will detract from those styles. This is valid, but it is not the same as saying that generative AI should be restricted from utilizing a style. If an artist is trained and taught to emulate an art style based on a hundred painters in the past, and they utilize this art solely based on what they have seen and not what they can imagine, then they are engaging in the same technique as generative AI. This can be said for all forms of art &ndash; if the concern is that the generative AI will take over, it means that there is no nouveau in the art and that the current practitioners are admitting to being threatened by a computer that can remix the existing work better than they can.<br/>I believe the great risks of generative AI come in the inability to detect the difference between what is generated and what is not, and for someone to maliciously generate images, videos, sound files, or otherwise that can be used to pursue an agenda to someone else&rsquo;s detriment. I also see the risk of original work being emulated and passed off as a cheaper copy, but this is the same risk that has existed for decades. There have been numerous music industry claims, and the film industry has countless copycat movies of the more mainstream blockbusters. Actors may want to preserve their likeness or voices, but there again we have had the technology to cameo/deep fake deceased actors and cut or emulate their speech for years, and generative AI wasn&rsquo;t even the picture at the time.<br/>I believe the fear around generative AI is that it makes all this easily accessible to everyone, and like any other technology, if someone intends to utilize it to an ill purpose, they will do so. For the majority of people I think this will not even be something they are engaged in &ndash; I wonder how many people utilize software like Photoshop to create something truly significant. Like with most tools, generative AI isn&rsquo;t perfect and can stand out if there is not a human hand behind it to guide it and ensure it doesn&rsquo;t go off the rails.