From its beginning copyright has always been seen as a balance between public good on the one hand, and the right of authors and originators to benefit from their ideas, on the other. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries copyright was limited to 14 years from publication (and could be extended for a further 14 years during the life of the author).  Since then, the expansion of copyright to 70 years after the death of the author has effectively up-ended the balance between public good, and the author&#39;s ability to exploit their creation.  In the process, a ghoulish industry of copyright exploitation has been created, in which corporations and the most distant of relatives, are living on the work of the long dead. This has fundamentally effected the creative industries to the detriment of all. Current concern about the use of copyright works as the basis for Large Language Models would extend and make more onerous, a system that is already broken.<br/><br/>Recent calls for the identification of works used in LLMs, and for compensation to be given to authors are also profoundly disingenous. Every author, every human being, ingests the works of others day in and day out. Their creativity is built on libraries of books and articles written by others, and still in copyright. And yet there is no suggestion that the academic historian - for instance - who may spend decades researching a book on an obscure event, should be compensated when the novelist turns it into a work of historical fiction. By analogy, calls to trace the copyright of authors into LLMs and onwards to the output of an AI, is the equivalent of asking creators of modern works to explicitly acknowledge the works they build upon and compsensate its authors.<br/><br/>I have personally published hundreds of thousands of words - most of which are available online; and know from experiments using ChatGPT that my work forms part of its LLM. As a result it can effectively reproduce distinctive elements of my writing style when prompted. But this does not mean that I should be able to claim copyright in ChatGPT&#39;s output. I have effectively exploited my own work via the current system of copyright, but believe the public good that AI promises, and the services like ChatGPT are already delivering, outweight my rights as an author. It feels like the time to rebalance the scales in favour of the public good. Ensuring that LLMs can include the widest collection of publicly available texts, without limitations on copyright, would be a step in this direction.<br/>