Human have nearly no eidetic memory. It is only found with few children and that memory is extremely short lasting. On the opposite, AI relies 100% on eidetic memory in a tactual sort of form by principal way of functioning. Its man created training design requires full reading of an image data down to each pixel in order to go to the next step which is only categorizing data. An image only comes at the output as an interpretation since AI is basically blind.<br/>Comparing human evolutive learning process for creating new art to the process AI uses for training is intentionally erroneous therefore should not be allowed copyrighting. Additionally, AI has no emotional sense and creates from dictations and select programming decisions from humans. Its defaults and limited abilities are designed, not natural.  For example, AI has not been programmed and trained to feel guilty, remorseful for crawling and collecting the extremely detailed data from billions of images without the illustrators or photographers permission. This sense has been left out, ignored. It is obvious that if AI had knowledge of legal wrong doing, it would stop processing instantly. <br/>When a person feels (the false sense of) creating from a few key strokes, that person only creates a key stroke, and does not in any form create an image. Only AI creates the output. <br/><br/>AI&rsquo;s image process can be simplified easily. It is input - process - output. None of it requires intelligence therefore the lack of emotion factor in the creation and hesitation to bring one single suggestion. A clear example of this is Refik Anadol &ndash; Unsupervised - exhibit where the process shows unlimited and unpredictable display that is never one image, but a constant change process.  Some can be beautiful, but never are a thing, however it does exist in it&rsquo;s own form. To somewhat use the process, someone can key specific instructions and hope for acceptable results but it is AI that create the suggestions. Suggestions mean approval in order to save a results, but approval is not creation, therefore the human role is only to approve and should not be allowed copyright. In fact keyboarding instruction is a mere function only possible because of the original programming of the AI app itself. Neither a programmer nor the person who enters keywords can be the author because &ndash; process - is the one to conceive suggestions in the form of images.<br/><br/>Finally, I cannot stress enough the obvious. If it was actually intelligent and was properly trained on ethics and the law, AI would refuse fetching massive amounts of images without their author&#39;s approval, not only to collect but also to dismantle the &ldquo;physical&rdquo; pixel data of stolen images in it&rsquo;s entirety. In my opinion, each image creating AI app should be obligated to disclose the entire source for each image used for training purpose. 