Artificial Intelligence is a threat to the job security of every single person in the world regardless of income level or national origin. If something is made using AI (even if partially) it should be considered public domain/copyright free, and if related to patents, the patent should be denied if found to be linked to an AI tool. In relation to AI voice/actor technology and any sort of data collection that could lead to someone or an organization training an AI, I believe there should be a system in place to make sure individuals know when they are accepting a job or signing up for a service that their data may be used by a company/individual/organization to create the data set for a artificial intelligence project. If using someone else&#39;s work in this context, I think royalties should be considered necessary. AI work is often derivative work based on pre-existing often copywritten projects, and therefore should be considered illegal under the current copyright laws in the United States of America. Deepfakes have done irreparable damage to peoples&#39;s reputations already, and as the tech gets more sophisticated, it will only get worse. It effects everyone from people making content on youtube all the way to the current President of the United States Joe Biden, and other world leaders such as Justin Trudeau. Often these AI voices are used to generate or encourage people to leave financial tips or as so called &quot;clickbait&quot; that generates revenue via ads on a website or on a video page on a website such as Youtube, Twitch,  Kick, DailyMotion, TikTok, X, Threads and Instagram, and even in full movie and video game productions from companies such as Warner Bros Discovery, Disney, Amazon, Apple, Epic Games, Valve, Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo and other big names in the entertainment industry. According to several media outlets, several companies have fired or let go of people, and then have posted listings for jobs such as &quot;AI officer&quot; soon after firing a mass amount of people  I have seen an immense amount of disgusting videos and images using other people&#39;s likenesses without their explicit permission or consent, and if a piece of technology can do that, it should not be considered anything close to copyrightable content. As evidenced in the credits of many movies, tv shows and video-games, it is already considered illegal to use people&#39;s likenesses without permission unless it is considered coincidental in nature by some authority. AI should be considered an exploitative purpose if used in commerical productions like many of the movie studios are allegedly considering according to people a part of the ongoing screenwriter&#39;s and actor&#39;s guild negotiations. I personally believe as a punishment for an adaptation of a prexisting copyrighted work using AI in a way considered exploitative that the copyright holder should be fined a percentage of the financial value that adaptation provided to the company or individuals involved in the production or the period in which the work is copyrighted should be shortened based on the damage it did to peoples&#39;s job security or he/her/they/its reputation or career. An individual should be allowed to publish a draft of a work with a AI dubbed audio track such as a youtube video, but this should not be extended to commerical productions of more than 20 people that are registered as a business. Artificial intelligence should be for individual use only and not for companies. AI is not creative in my opinion, it simply regurgitates pre-existing information by scrapping it from websites, copywritten books, and similar material, or is &quot;trained&quot; using a collected dataset which is often created without consent or knowledge from involved parties. AI is also being used as a replacement for journalism in some cases which sets a dangerous precident. Job security and the american economy is at stake here. I am deeply troubled by the piracy and greed of individuals and companies that think Artificial Intelligence should replace labor or creativity.<br/><br/>Thank you for providing a platform for people to express their feelings about this topic at this tumultuous and chaotic time, and leaving it open for people and organizations from other nations to express their concerns.