Artificial Intelligence should be held to the same standard as the public when it comes to copyright infringement. Because Artificial Intelligence is not an independent entity, the creators of Artificial Intelligence systems that mimic the identity or style of human artists should be liable for copyright infringement instead. I believe that there are people behind these programs that are profiting off the likeness of other artists, and that isn&rsquo;t fair. Although the works generated by AI are original, technically speaking, the generated art purposefully imitates the style of somebody who pioneered it. Artificial Intelligence is also advanced enough at this point that generated art pieces are completely indistinguishable from the style of a human artist. The general public isn&rsquo;t able to identify works that are AI-generated anymore. At the end of the day, the Artificial Intelligence systems were specifically programmed to be able to mimic the works of others. Otherwise, the ability to command AI to create art in the style of a human artist would not be possible. If ordinary people are penalized for copyright infringement and imitating the style of other artists, Artificial Intelligence programs should be held accountable as well. Although AI is incapable of denying a request to copy the style of human artists, the creators of Artificial Intelligence programs are capable of preventing the system from even considering the request. Although Artificial Intelligence is able to create original works that have never been made before, the tools and information have to come from somewhere. That information does not appear out of thin air and the programmers provide those tools on purpose. In other words, AI does not act autonomously. Therefore, these creators should be penalized appropriately for their role in allowing and perpetuating copyright infringement. Creators should also take responsibility for the copyright infringement that has occurred thus far and ultimately remove the ability to copy the style of human artists from the programming in which AI derives its information from.<br/>