As a former professor of English, I strongly urge you to impose strict rules and limitations on the use and training of AI tools. By removing the human &quot;soul&quot; of a work of art, a written text, a cinematic project, and the like, AI invalidates the intrinsic nature of human creativity. Furthermore, it presents a clear and present danger to the livelihoods of artists and creators. Their works are already being used without their consent or compensation to train AI tools. Unless purposefully predetermined as a MOOC, no educational institution would present course content for free; the instructors/course designers would be compensated for the content they disseminate. Current AI systems have circumvented this process and are simply using already copyrighted works to &quot;teach&quot; their systems to mimic such content, yet the original creators are not compensated or even provided permission to do so. Additionally, the disgusting and irresponsible &quot;productivity&quot; of people pushing out written content generated by way of AI such as ChatGPT through platforms such as Amazon is seriously denigrating the publishing industry at large. Why should someone using an smart algorithm to push out computer-generated content receive the same copyright protections as a HUMAN who has labored over edits, rewrites, and rethinkings of a written text? Additionally, how can an educational institution uphold codes of conduct that require students to produce original content if such content is not also federally regulated? How can a professor hold a student accountable for plagiarism when the federal government would otherwise allow them to use a tool that essentially steals from other works to produce something that does nothing to enhance the students&#39; critical thinking, problem-solving, or research analysis skills? Without regulation, AI will contribute to the further denigration of the American education system--one where we are considered &quot;lucky&quot; if students are able to reach a pass rate above 50%. I urge you to please impose strict regulations upon AI-generated material. For example, warning labels on music, text, film, and art produced by AI would be a start, but such regulation must go further to ensure identity protection, image protection, creation protection, and the protection of those who are HUMAN. Copyright protections are designed for human creators, not computers that happen to be directed by a human who may or may not be checked in to what they are asking the computer to generate. 