&quot;AI&quot; or generative algorithms as they would be more accurately described, are a grift built on the backs of working creatives, and the ignorance of people who don&#39;t understand that the current datasets these images are trained on contain innumerable copy written images, corporate IPs, and personal medical images. To allow those propagating and selling this technology to copyright the output, not art or work, as there is no ingenuity, or creativity involved in the production of this output anymore than there is to a page of Google search results would be a massive detrimental blow to the future creativity of the United States, as well as the broader human society we are all a part of. Currently the largest standing blockade to the widespread decimation of Artist livelihoods is the dubious legal position generative algorithms currently stand in because of the lack of copyright.<br/><br/>Proponents of generative copyright would tell you that the use case of their tools would primarily take away &quot;busy work&quot;, which in artistic fields is generally handled by interns or entry level associates in creative firms, and therefore the damage to the careers of already successful artists would be negligible. The dubious nature of that claim, that skilled artisans would be sourced by corporations that are already looking to slash and undervalue those in creative fields, as seen by the current strikes in Hollywood, fall flat to the ears of myself, and many other creatives across industries and fields. Even if the limited damage to established creatives were to hold true, removing and automating entry level work from creative fields will demolish positions that help burgeoning artists to grow and develop the talents that help human artists surprise, delight, and inspire us all.<br/><br/>Generative works have already done real, tangible damage to the livelihood of visual artists, copywriters, and more. With smaller firms opting to use tools such as stable diffusion, and chatgpt to do work that previously would have been in the hands of human creatives following their passions. To say that works from these algorithms are not unique or original is to severally undersell the damage they have done, and will continue to do. The people who have scraped data to create these datasets have ignored consent, and in doing so have built a mountain of stolen work of creatives, both alive and dead. Declaring a lack of copyright should only be the first step, as a database of tens of millions of creative works without which their supposedly revolutionary algorithms would be incapable of producing anything. And is it not accurate to say that, if without theft these tools would be worthless, that their sole value lies in the theft itself.