Hello. I am a Public Administration student. If you allow so-called &quot;AI&quot; products to be copyrightable, this will be a grave disaster. The most simple reason is that &quot;AI&quot; functions by creating a mishmash of other work, and cannot create anything new. Any profit made on AI is impossible without the direct copy of the work of real artists. The arts industries will collapse, harming thousands of American workers, but more than that, it will stagnate. &quot;AI&quot; is inherently conservative. Its products can only ever copy that which is already made. America will be kneecapped in its art. Artists&#39; work will be used by companies to feed AI in order to keep a copyright, while dodging proper pay. Artists will be unable to pursue art, because if they are hired, their pay will be slashed while they have to &quot;fix&quot; &quot;AI products (as we&#39;ve already seen happen), which often involves fully redesigning the product as the AI is unable to produce coherent products (a cheat used in the animation industry, where storyboarders are often expected to write without pay). To become a country without art is a shameful prospect. Eventually, many industries will adopt &quot;AI&quot; until the artist population dwindles, and AI increasingly trains on AI-generated images, until eventually it can only produce slurry, and the demand for artists will return, but we will never be a producer of art in the same way ever again, because companies will continue to cut pay and use AI to steal any artist&#39;s work in perpetuity and use it for profit while the artist receives very little once, and never again. This is the impact on the art industry that will happen. However, I strongly emphasize that AI is unable to create new things. Everything in its generated art is a copy of what was fed into it. Already people have found examples of generated art that plagiarize entire characters, designs, and compositions. &quot;AI&quot; art, if copyrightable, will simply be a way to bypass all copyright in the US. There is no way around it. If &quot;AI&quot; generations are copyrightable, the entire copyright system of the USA will be rendered impotent.