AI technology is another insidious attempt by tech companies to preclude human creativity and substitute their own malformed replacement. If AI is allowed to spread into creative industries it will undermine not just the livelihoods of those in such industries, but the very essence of the human spirit. Creativity cannot be outsourced to a computer in the name of profit revenues, particularly when this computer generates data based entirely on the theft of the work of humans, much of which has been copyrighted. Every day there are stories of apps filling their coffers with, for example, the content of thousands of books in order to build a generative database without any attempt to purchase, gain consent, or even notify the authors or copyright holders of these books. Further, the removal of humans from the creative process will ensure future generations are learning their lessons from machines with little to no oversight, an issue which stands to profoundly affect the cultural and ideological fibre of not just this nation, but every nation. Society has always had creative industries not merely because there are consumers who wish to have something to watch after work on Friday. Rather, there is a deep seated need in the human spirit to create, and that has represented itself in our cultures and indeed our economies since ancient times. We cannot farm creativity like we farm carrots, and merely producing more, more, more media without any human involvement is not the answer to, for example, a writer&#39;s strike. Like most things which have been cheapened lately (does anything taste as good as when we were young?) allowing the tech industry to replace human creativity with its misguided and often poorly tested toys, we will have replaced what makes us human, and ushered in a reign of the soulless and the slapdash. Make no mistake: If we allow AI to take an inch, it will take many miles. It will steal all it can (must we always reward the thieves?) while copyright law struggles vainly to keep up until there is no need for it, because AI will have replaced lawmakers, too. What, then, will be the purpose of living? Society is created by creativity and copyright of those creative ideas and many more industries than merely media. Will we let AI register patents next? Write news? Laws? A new constitution? All of these are created by humans, with inalienable rights, and copyright law protects those rights. Do not allow it to protect that which does not live like we have to, and does not dream like we were born to.