The idea that human-generated output (text, visual art, music) could be copyrighted has been dependent on the inability to easily capture the &quot;style&quot; of the human output such that it retained whatever compelling property it possessed.  Unfortunately, this will go out the window with the development of generative AI that can not only duplicate human oeuvre, but also capture the style with relative ease.  Unless we severely restrain generative AI in the name of copyright, this duplication of style of human output can&#39;t be stopped.  There are two issues:  1) IP rights as to material available for training of models, and 2) proof that generative AI output was derivative from existing work.  Although the first problem could be addressed by requiring transparency as to the source material for training, its success relies on the honesty and compliance of the model trainer.  As to the second point, it is yet impossible to prove that a certain output was derivative from a specific item.  Efforts to show similarity or non-similarity between two or more items will require that an algorithm be created, similar to the KL-divergence algorithm.  Such a robust method for doing this does not yet exist, and even so, there would need to be a consensus level of divergence as to what defines similarity or disparity.  We have already seen how subjective the process has been to support or refute claims that an artist&#39;s melody was original vs derivative from someone else.  While I sympathize with the artist or writer who spent years developing a recognizable style, only to see it effortlessly replicated algorithmically, I see no objective way to prevent generative A.I. from producing something that might still be recognized to have artistic value.  Attempting to render digital output as non-fungible using blockchain technology has met with tepid reception - would anyone care about this something stylistically similar still had artistic value?  Ultimately, attempts made to apply established copyright laws in the era of convincingly plausible replication is a fool&#39;s errand.  Being hard-line on what can be copyrighted as original and what cannot will mire human output in an abundance of litigation, much as it has already stifled musicians&#39; creativity.  And even if regulatory statutes are developed, this will not stop rogue actors from defying them, and disseminating their work. 