As an animator, i should say that i am an artist first before becoming an animator. i just have to say to DONT GIVE AI ART ANY COPYRIGHT PROTECTION OF ANYKIND. AI arts (including ai writing, music, and illustrations) is a result of billions of data scraped from the internet that is used to compete to the data itself. Highlighting &quot;compete to the data itself&quot;, THIS IS NOT FAIR IN ANY POSSIBLE WAY. <br/><br/>This is no different than a thief stealing a car and then selling it to an unknown person. The thief in this example is competing against the owner of the car the company that produced the car. However, in the case of AI arts, the sellout of the stolen goods is able to be duplicated and modified so that people doesnt know that it was stolen. Not only that, the fact that it is open source and the easiness to do so makes it easy to be mass-produced. With the ability of a computer to do such thing, a human competing with a machine that is built on stolen human&#39;s works is not even imaginable. The human will lose if not already. There are already hundred thousands of people getting replaced by those machines. Again, it is not far from a thief act that the AI companies are doing. There should be no copyright protections for those exploitation of original works. <br/><br/>So with that problem in mind, I propose a solution in this comment. The solution is simple: 1. Destroy the machine that is built of scraped works without consent; 2. only authorize the making of such machine by using works that are opted in by the artists that wants to make the machine too; 3. illegallize the making of a machine that is made by trying to do otherwise. There is no way for the AI companies to make the AI unlearn from the billions of data that is used. This is why opting out is not an option because it assumes that every artists wants to make the machine as if they are collaborating which cant be further from the real truth. There have been zero initial discussion and approvement with artists whose works are being used to make the machines. Therefore copyright should not be provided to people who uses AI to make arts as it is basically buying from a thief that stole a car. Even if the car is modified, the buyer is not given copyright for the car&#39;s model and the car&#39;s patent. People who makes art with AI are consumers of arts, not the creators or authors. And people who made the AI are thieves for using unconsented works of millions of people. Both should not be protected by copyright law. Of course that would mean the AI companies should disclose the datasets that is used for the making of the AI to its detail of whose works are used and how it is used.