1. I believe the use of copyright works to develop datasets for training AI models is infringing, and that permission must be granted by the owners of said copyright materials before it can be used as part of a dataset, either by opting in to make a work available or by selling the right to use the work as part of a generative dataset. Whether seen as art or points of data, these are unique works that are owned. An owner can choose to share or sell the rights to use a work - for example, it is standard to purchase the rights to a stock image or font family. This same concept should apply to the new option of being added to a generative AI dataset. Generative models that have already consumed copyright material without permission should be reverted to a version that does not include them, or be wiped and rebuilt using a legally sourced pool of data. New models should keep a record of materials that have been added to the dataset (including copyright holder and date added), which is either publicly available or available upon request.<br/><br/>2. I agree that copyright protection in the United States is limited to works of human authorship, and therefore does not apply to AI generated content. There is no sufficient use of control over a generative AI system that would result in a human-authored creation, as generative AI is inherently derivative (requires data from other works to operate) and formulaic (the same dataset, engine, and prompts will manufacture the same result).<br/><br/>3. If an output is found to be substantially similar to a copyrighted work that was part of the training dataset, which was included in the training without permission, then the dataset should be reverted or rebuilt so that it no longer includes the copyrighted work in question. The person or entity controlling the dataset has the responsibility and liability of maintaining a legally sourced dataset.<br/><br/>4. The use of AI to imitate a person&rsquo;s voice, likeness, and style, particularly for profit, is an area of concern that should be further investigated. Just as an artist should retain control of how their copyrighted works are used with generative technology, an actor should retain the rights to whether or not their voice lines can be fed into a voice generator, or for a writer to retain the rights to their manuscripts being fed into a text generator, as these all result in unfair competition to their originating source.<br/>