&quot;AI&quot; (actually machine learning, not &quot;true AI&quot;) as we&#39;ve seen it used so far has ranged from harmless fluff to extremely dangerous and damaging. With a tool this powerful, it is impossible to judge whether it will be used in the right hands. That means it should be heavily regulated and restricted. It&#39;s sort of the wild west right now in terms of AI and we&#39;ve seen a lot of people using it for ill. I am an artist and it&#39;s a worst-case scenario for someone to be able to take all of my images, train an AI based on them, and then pump out subpar art that looks something like mine in perpetuity. That would mean the end of my career, but also tarnishing my legacy. Pure AI creations based on stolen art should not be respected as original works of art legally. On the other hand, using AI tools to bolster an original work is perfectly fine in my view. If one wanted to AI generate some piano arrangements to play and build from for an original composition, that should be absolutely allowed. I am worried that the government will side with silicon valley and big tech on this issues, which would lead to exploitation instead of innovation. AI tools are inevitable, but people should be dissuaded from trying to get rich quick by using them to steal intellectual property. The current popular models of image-generating AI are pretty much all based on stolen work, so that&#39;s already a problem that needs solving. I would personally like to see them scraped and dumped from the internet, but it would seem the law has moved too slow for that This could set the tone for the rest of the 21st century, so it must be handled delicately. If a big Hollywood studio just started using AI to generate whole movies, that would change the artform forever and disenfranchise one of America&#39;s finest creative institutions. Not to mention all of the people it would put out of work. Imagine that across all creative fields: images becoming stagnant and bland as the machine learning stops getting new concepts to feed from, music becomes a boring slurry of same-sounding songs, books all feature similar plots with different stories. Speaking of Hollywood, what if someone just generates a new Iron Man movie on their own and charges for it? Is that copyright infringement if all the images and models and camera angles and such are created through machine learning? But it&#39;s not just the creative side. AI generated sexual images of unwilling parties are already being passed around in the dark corners of the internet. That includes both adults and children. What can you do when a fake version of a body with your face doing sexual acts is posted to a website without your permission? It&#39;s not really you, but it is your likeness. That should be a crime. Digital safety is also a huge weak point for AI. Recently at Defcon someone managed to crack a security AI by telling it that its name was the numbers of a credit card it was protecting and then asked it to tell him its name. It told him the numbers. Simple as that. And yes the tools will get better, but right now, in its infancy, AI is absolutely too dangerous for any serious level of security. All of these points have one thing in common: There is no recompense for the people who have been negatively affected by AI. There is no legal recourse to take. There is no fund to protect them if their money is stolen by a prompter. There is an arcane system for taking down AI generated pornography, but it&#39;s costly and one has to be very proactive in pursuing it. I urge the government to restrict AI usage through legislation, such that the purveyors of the technology are held responsible for the things it can do and so that the users of the technology are held responsible for the things they make and do with it.