Although certain individuals, mainstream media and other organizations promote generative models (e.g. GPT-4, Midjourney, Stable Diffusion, etc.) as a self-sufficient artificial intelligence, the reality is different. Generative models are NOT artificial intelligence because they are just one part of a broader set of technologies that help computers generate content such as text, images or sounds based on data *they have previously seen*. Artificial intelligence (AI) is a more general term that refers to computer systems that are capable of making rational decisions and solving various problems in a way that resembles human thinking.<br/><br/>Generative models don&#39;t work in a way human reasoning does. They are a type of tool that learns from large amounts of data how to create new content that appears authentic to human reasoning. For example, GPT-4, is a generative model created and developed by OpenAI that&#39;s designed to create text on a variety of topics. However, it has no awareness or understanding of the content it generates. It simply analyses patterns in the training data and tries to create new content based on those patterns. It does not have any short-term or long-term memory that exists outside of private chats held by the OpenAI userbase. Artificial intelligence is a much broader field that encompasses many different technologies and approaches, such as machine learning, deep learning, data processing algorithms, robotics, and many others. AI can include generative models, but also many other types of systems that solve a variety of problems, not just content generation.<br/><br/>In short, generative models are tools used in the field of artificial intelligence, but the idea of generative models alone is not enough to define the full scope and complexity of AI. It is a much broader concept that encompasses various technologies and domains that enable computers to perform intelligent tasks.<br/><br/>Everyone who create substantial works using generative models shouldn&#39;t be allowed to claim copyright and benefit financially from them, as generative models do not have self-acting creativity or creative intelligence in the traditional sense. As noted above, generative models operate on patterns and data provided to them manually or automatically by machine learning. They have no will, intention or consciousness of their own. They create content based on what they have seen in the learning data, without the ability to create something completely new or original.<br/><br/>Generative models are limited to what was contained in the data on which they learned. They do not have the ability to create anything that was not in the training data. Therefore, they cannot be credited with creativity or originality in the full sense. When a person uses a generative model to create, for example, a movie script, the main role of the human is to provide input and select from the model results. It is the human decision and creativity that has the greatest impact on the outcome. The model simply executes the set of algorithms given to it. Copyright is granted to individuals or creators who demonstrate genuine creativity and clear originality in their work. Generative models do not meet these criteria because they do not have the ability to create something entirely new, no matter what data we, or the company developing the model, provide. <br/><br/>Consequently, those who use generative models to create content should be cautious about attributing copyright to that content. Instead, it is important to recognize that a generative model is a purely ancillary tool and that the copyright in content that uses these tools may belong to other individuals or institutions that provided the data or inspiration to create that content.