As an illustrator who graduated with a BFA in the hieght of the pandemic, AI is a slap in the face of any artist who has honed their skills and refined their artistry. AI is not intelligent, it is a data scraping software that approximates the work of an artist by stealing their work and producing results generated on user input. Without the stolen work of artists like me, the algorithm claiming intelligence would have no work to approximate and regurgitate. <br/><br/>While social media is incredibly important to artists like me to find an audience and lively hood, I no longer feel comfortable sharing my work given the risk that it will be removed from context, stripped on credit, and fed to an AI to produce low quality, illogical, confusing schlock that appears similar to the work I have refined over many hours. I did not choose my education or profession with money in mind. I understand the risks of being a starving artist, as I am living that reality now. But I never could have guessed that I would be competing with images that have cancerous defects mined from the work of my peers and idols. Defects include melting faces and facial features, hands, and hair; evidence of file compression in &quot;new&quot; images; details of the background blending into details in the fireground; all simple mistakes that would be embarrassing to an artist but are simply defects of the algorithm.<br/><br/>AI users claim that their algorithms take outside information in the same way artists find and incorporate inspiration from the outside world. This is insulting. I have never needed to plagerise, copy, or obscure the reference I use in my work and pass it off as my own. Artists integrate ideas, edit, refine, and most importantly,  add their own life experience to images and writing that a computer simply can not. A computer does no experience, it pixalates. It does not elevate, it contorts. Artists&#39; work is being fed into a machine that is not, crucially, an additive process. It simply rearranges the elements it is given arbitrarily until the end user entering prompts is satisfied. In my view, this is equivalent to someone successfully putting together a puzzle and claiming they have painted the picture on the box. Its naive and insulting.<br/><br/>AI users will claim that their input into the algorithm that generates their images is what makes the works unique and subject to copyright. But, whenever an AI software undergoes a software update, the user cannot replicate previous images. An artist, on the other hand, can continue to draw even without a computer. <br/><br/>AI generated illustrations have already closed avenues for beginning artists, like myself, to break into the industry. Even as the images produced are laughably subpar and gloomy looking. I will continue to pursue a career in illustration. I will continue to draw. I will continue to create art. But to equate my work to what can be lost in a software update or a wifi blackout will always be darkly funny. To grant copyright protections to an image that is itself a violation if copyright, which is inherently of low quality and mass produced to the point of losing coherence, would be a mistake. 