I strongly believe that no work that is authored by artificial intelligence in any way should be copyrightable. Artificial intelligence, by design, is reliant on taking previous works and using them to create new ones. This isn&#39;t necessarily a bad thing, or an uncopyrightable thing, but it is fundamentally impossible to differentiate between copy and inspiration with an AI. There is no motive, no moral, no intent behind the usage of another&#39;s work to create a new one. They are not simply treated as inspiration, but as fodder, or the paints themselves. It&#39;s profiting off the work of others, nearly always uncredited, and very often without permission. Additionally, the results are not portrayed as pieces inspired by another unless the human director of the AI wishes it to be so. The AI simply uses and abuses without recourse. Consequently, allowing authors to profit off of an AI that may likely be abusing another&#39;s work or copyright should not be allowed.<br/><br/>As to output being similar to a copyrighted work, I believe liability should be laid depending on the intentions and actions of the author. If the input, or prompt, probably intends to infringe on copyright, or would reasonably be interpreted as doing so, the liability should mainly fall on the author. However, full liability on the author would not be a good deterrent to the trainers and creators of the AIs, and would be hard to prosecute given the ease of production and the large quantity of AI generations. Some liability must always fall on the developers to incentivize proper usage of databases. In the case of prompts probably not intending to infringe, then the full liability should fall on the developers. <br/><br/>Developers, as much as we think ourselves to be above politics and noise, are just as complicit (if not more!) in shaping the public view of the world through the tools we develop. As such, we have a responsibility to act in ways that provide the most good for the public. Scraping copyrighted works for training data is a very clearly harmful act and there must be rules and regulations in place to discourage it, with sticks to back them up.