AI is an exotic technology but at its core, the motivation for its use is the ancient, quotidian desire to make money on the part of some, and the systemic desire to save money by others. There are many viable technical uses for AI, but when it comes to creative issues, meaning applications of AI that serve to replace rather than enhance human contributions, the push to normalize AI is a transparent gambit to save money on human labor, while nevertheless using past human labor in order to facilitate those savings, simultaneously highlighting the value of human input for its development and devaluing human input as its business model. Therefore, entities wishing to engage in AI development must first prove either that A) the application contemplated is intended as a process which is currently beyond human capacity and which is primarily scientific in nature, or B) the AI development must acknowledge, in harmony with all current copyright and intellectual property protections currently in place. I can see no reason why AI companies should be allowed to mine without restriction the efforts of other people for their own ends simply because they want to use a lot of them. That is a deeply self-serving argument that will ultimately hand greater and greater intellectual property and copyright control to a small number of companies. It is hard to see the societal benefit to this dynamic. I can see no reason why those companies should be allowed to evade the protections required of all other applicants. AI is still in our control, but the governmental tendency to create broad latitude to the machinations of tech companies, stated as being because of a desire not to stifle progress but which in fact is due to an lack of understanding and stubborn resistance to contemplating consequences meaningfully, needs to stop at this threshold for serious reconsideration. AI is a perilous technology and we should be very very hesitant to turn our intellectual lives over to it. Many regulatory mistakes have been made in relation to technology in the last twenty years and we cannot afford to get this one wrong. 