I believe it would be best to answer your questions in the order given. The benefits for this technology are miniscule compared to the risks that it creates. One risk being that it can be abused by one or many users to generate a great amount of content that they have no intention of using but instead claiming ownership as a means of generating income. The technology is already affecting creators, copyright owner, and the public in the sense that the companies that have made this technology have ignored the current standing laws of fair use by using copyrighted material as its training data without the permission of the original copyright owners. Increasing the use/distribution of AI-generate material will not currently affect my personal industry as I am not part of the creative sector, though I do consider myself a hobbyist. New legislation is needed to address copyright issues with generative AI, it should cover the training practices used by AI creator in that the training must have expressed permission from the original owner of the material, generative AI content cannot be copyrighted, and anything that is made by generative-AI must have a label stating such. Currently generative AI uses images, written works, and other material scrapped from the Internet without permission. Some have expressed that the material gathered is from social media sites such as Facebook, Instagram, X, and copies of written works. Some material is retained by the AI creators as stated by themselves in a recent hearing. From what I&#39;ve learned anyone can take any information they find and use it to train an AI model. It seems that the content generated is used by going through many stages of diffusion to hopefully match what the user wants to create. There is no circumstance that the use of copyrighted works to train AI models constitute for fair use. If a work has been copyrighted and used to train a model without the holders permission there is no scenario where the generated content should be copyrighted. AI creators need to have the affirmative consent by of the copyright owners before using their material, putting the responsibility to have the owners to object adds to the possibility of abuse carried out by the AI creators. Consent needs to be required for all uses of copyrighted works to train any AI model, commercial or otherwise. If an opt out approach was adopted, the copyright owner should have the ability to easily get a hold of the AI creator to have the AI retrained without their works included. Metadata could be used, however it could be easily wiped from the training data putting the holders in a terrible state. Currently the biggest obstacle blocking the ability to respect the copyright owners&#39; request to have their material wiped is the unwillingness of the AI creators to do so. The human creator should always hold the right to object to an AI model being trained on their work, the system would work by the creator stating their objection and the work being marked with unremovable metadata that needs to be respected by the AI creators. If consent has been granted the licenses could be obtained directly from the copyright owner or a legally authorized third party, such as a easy to access website. It is possible in the sense that licensing has been used in other sector such as software. All parties in making a new AI that use copyright material should be responsible in getting the consent of the copyright owner. It is possible to identify the degree in which a particular work has contributed to a generated work by seeing the prompt used, the model&#39;s training data, and the generated output. The use of licenses would slow down the devastating impacts that AI would have on the creative sector. Developers of AI models should be required to have records regarding the material used to train their models. The specificity should be the work used, the original owner(s)&#39; name, a link to the original work, and the year it was obtained. The disclosures should be available to the public. The cost of this recordkeeping system will be offset by profits that would be made by model as evident by the high profitability that AI is already finding. The obligations would be to contact the original copyright owners by any means necessary. There is no circumstance in which a human using generative AI should be considered the author of content generated by AI. The only revision needed is to make sure that no copyright is granted to any AI-generated material. 