AI should be prohibited from using copyrighted works except with express permission. It should not be legal for AI algorithms to scrape individuals&#39; copyrighted works, styles, performances, etc, and mimic them with extreme accuracy, all without permission from the original human creator. It is a violation of creator&#39;s individual developed copyrighted works. It leaves no protection for artists&ndash; any artist who wishes to sell their work will have the potential to be out-competed by a machine, removing the humanity from the arts, which is necessary, and taking jobs away from true artists. Machines that can only mimic but not truly create, that take the place of undervalued and under-protected artists, are machines that should not be allowed to exist. Taking someone&#39;s intellectual property without consent, mimicking it, and passing it off as your own is in direct violation with the principals that copyright stands for. AI should be forced to buy or lease the rights of whatever they wish to use, or otherwise utilize public domain works, just as any artist would, just as any other individual would. That is, if AI are to remain legal at all.<br/><br/>No AI produced work should be copyrightable&ndash; human involved or not. The importance behind copyright is to protect human individuals who create something with their own time, effort, and ideas&ndash; allowing those with automated machines that can strip any creative work for parts to then claim those stolen works as their own, to profit off of, is immoral and unconscionable. AI does not involve a human hand to create what they create, and thus should not be copyrightable. Those that write the code may copyright their code, that they worked on with their own two hands&ndash; the AI that steal works from others, others that created true copyrightable products and works of art with their hands/voices/etc, should not be able to strip those copyrighted works down for parts in order to replace the people that created the material they draw from, while claiming creative control over what they produce.<br/><br/>There are many more that are greater experts than I am, that have much more eloquent legal explanations and responses to these issues. Hopefully, my thoughts prove enlightening to the public&#39;s opinions on what should be allowed. And if there are many that disagree with me, I only hope that my response is weighed with the quality it deserves&ndash; and that we continue to put artists, tradespeople, writers, actors, performers, and all creative people of all kinds first, and protect their right to live and work as creatives without severely curtailing these rights (or removing them entirely) through the proliferation of unchecked, thieving AI.