Dear Copyright Office,<br/><br/>In response to the questions you have specifically asked regarding AI and copyright, I wish to share my thoughts:<br/>1) Generative AI is not exactly the equivalent of a typewriter as in your example. Although a tool, it has the ability to produce an outcome that is unexpected and (supposedly) in excess of the sum of the input. This may certainly be regarded as a benefit in creative work and has the potential to provide prompts and launchpads for creative work. However, when copyrighted works are used for generative purposes, it is unclear how much of any individual piece of input is utilized in the final product. How much of any input creator&rsquo;s work remains? Even if the output seems entirely new, the degree of transformation is impossible to determine. Therefore, the clarity required for an authorship claim becomes ambiguous; as a result, copyright claim also becomes ambiguous. I feel there will be ongoing and perpetual risk of ambiguous copyright as a result of using copyrighted work in generative AI. <br/>2. I have worked in academic libraries for nearly two decades. My job requires clear and unambiguous categorization, or as close to this ideal as we may reasonably achieve. Works of ambiguous and/or contested authorship are hardly unheard of. Digital assets such as those created by generative AI tools are quite different than any other asset I have ever encountered. How shall their provenance be reckoned? What are their artistic influences? How do we talk about their creation and the party(s) responsible for their development? These questions are as philosophical as they are functional. These are only a few of the questions I expect to encounter as the digital assets created with the help of generative AI (stories, letters, art, and so forth) to impact the particular sector of libraries I work in.<br/>3. n/a<br/>4. I believe an attempt at international consistency or at least cooperation is helpful because it helps set a standard for reasonable and responsible behavior. Problems may continually arise if, for instance, a country has disallowed use of copyrighted works in generative AI and another hasn&rsquo;t. Similarly, if a country disallows the works copyrighted by its own country in generative AI but does not think (or care) to disallow the works copyrighted by another, parties may use such work for generative purposes. (Examples of problems might be international commercial distribution.) Given the digital nature of these tools and the work that informs the generative process, there are probably very few practical obstacles stopping a determined software user from engaging in disallowed practices. However, the existence of a standard and the use of this standard in the development of future generative AI tools may help set a precedent for their responsible use. <br/>5. Yes, I believe new legislation is warranted. I believe that such legislation should involve the clarification of existing copyright standards to include the disallowance of copyrighted work, a performer&rsquo;s likeness and identifiable attributes, and work created that is currently under contract dispute from use in generative AI tools because of the ambiguity of authorship, creatorship, ownership, attribution, identification, relationship, and copyright that has the potential to result. <br/><br/>