I would like to see protection for artists and writers online against their work being fed to AI databases. No one should be allowed to consume art created by human beings only to artificially regenerate it as something else and claim credit, not to mention profit. Archives and forums online where people are posting their work should be legally protected and given the option to opt out. If someone wants to contribute their work to the training and functionality of AI, let them, but it should in no uncertain terms be OPTIONAL. I should not have to worry that sharing something online I have given up all ownership of it. As an author, I worry that the work I post for my online audience as well as the work I traditionally publish can be used in ways I did not consent to, in order to further the use of technology that I in no way support. I do not believe that work generated by an AI system should be eligible for copyright protection. Too much of it is generated entirely with the use of actual copyrighted works, and even when it is not, all that has been created is something generated by a computer program; something any other user could have gotten after entering the same prompt. This is not the same as parallel thought, this is quite simply a computer program handing a user a finished product that could just as easily have been handed to someone else. The use of a computer in the generation of AI-written materials is NOT comparable to the use of a word processor, like Microsoft Word, or typewriter, nor the use of graphics softwares like Procreate. We have always used tools to create our art. The use of physical materials such as paper and ink does not bring into question who the artist or author is any more than such softwares would. The human being using the laptop or tablet is the one in control. They are using tools created and manufactured by someone else to create their work, as it has always been. To suggest that the use of AI programs is the same is to say the works being mined and processed by the program is as much a tool as they keyboard or pen they used to create it. This is an absurd notion. Even if I create an art piece by cutting up photographs and paintings and put them together into a collage, bring to life a new image, I have made every creative decision in that process myself. That is my work that has gone into its creation. This is not the same as booting up an AI system and entering a generative prompt. I find the very suggestion that a product of AI is the same or comparable to the creation of a human being wholeheartedly offensive. 