One of the most central issues regarding copyright with AI art is whether the use of a copyrighted work in a training data set should be considered fair use. The best argument for fair use in this sense is that an individual can look at a work of art, become inspired, and create a new work of art based on the original without committing copyright infringement. However, this does not paint an accurate picture of what occurs when art is used in a training dataset. The artificial intelligence being considered at this time is, in actuality, merely a mathematical model designed to generate output based on statistical patterns of input. Every piece of data in the training set influences the equations that are used for final output. Therefore, it is inaccurate to say that nothing of the training data is present in the final product. Making that claim is akin to saying there is no iron present in steel because it was all turned into steel by the manufacturing process. This is obviously incorrect. Iron had to be purchased and used for the production of the steel. Precedent on fair use is clear. If the end product is something produced for profit, copyrighted works cannot be used without permission and due compensation to the copyright holder. This remains true with AI training data. Any copyrighted work should not be used to train an AI that will create for-profit works without permission and compensation to the original creator. This view also raises the question of whether AI-created works should be copyrightable at all. As previously explained, artificial intelligence is a statistical model that produces its output entirely through mathematics. However, this is the result of a computer program, and such programs are protected by copyright law. As long as a work produced by AI does not infringe on copyright, there is no reason not to allow it to be copyrighted. However, as previously noted, copyrighted training data does influence the final product of AI, so a work produced using copyrighted training data without appropriate consent and compensation to the copyright holder should not be eligible for copyright, as this would infringe on the protections of the original copyright. There is also the issue of liability for AI-produced works that are similar to existing works. If such a liability should occur, it should not lie with the program itself. AI is simply a computer program being executed by the user. The manufacturer would be responsible for the actions of their software unless the user has agreed to a license agreement which absolves the manufacturer, in which case the user would be at fault. This methodology would remain consistent with current policy regarding software liability. Lastly, there is the issue of likenesses and voice reproduction by AI. This is a less black and white issue, so intent will play a large factor. If an individual&#39;s voice can be recreated, that reproduction could theoretically be used to commit crimes such as slander and false accusations. Therefore, a reproduction of an individual&#39;s likeness or voice should never be undertaken without clear consent from the individual in question. The rise of AI technology is having sweeping effects on many industries, and the establishment of clear copyright laws is paramount to prevent outright destabilization.