As a writer and author of copyrighted works, I believe that no work created by an AI or LLM should be awarded copyright protections. I&#39;ve been thinking about the impact an AI created work has on &quot;the useful arts,&quot; and I believe it can be a large one. Just in the past month, Amazon has been asked to remove books on foraging created completely by AI, which contained dangerous advice that could lead to illness and even death, because the information created by the AI was not factual. What would happen if we suddenly had AI creating textbooks for classroom use? We know that when prompted, AI systems like ChatGPT do not always get historical facts correct. If school districts decided to rely on textbooks or other curricular material created by AI and copyrighted, this could lead to children learning about historical accounts that never took place or about facts that are completely wrong or misleading due to the bias involved in the training of AI. Not long ago, we saw this in a legal case, in which a lawyer used an AI to generate cases that would support the case he was working on. It was discovered that all the cases the AI was prompted to pull were completely generated by the AI and almost all never existed in the first place. Allowing AI systems to create copyrighted works can lead down dangerous routes for humans, but also, much of the work created by AI is missing an important component--the human experience. No story or poem created by an AI will have the same effect on the human heart of mind like one created by another human. Our experiences are what make us who we are, and it&#39;s in the sharing of those experiences that make stories alive and thought provoking and even healing for readers (and writers). If our media is suddenly inundated by AI works, we&#39;ll find ourselves missing out on the lived experiences of the humans that should be in the forefront of that media. This is why the WGA and SAG-AFTRA are striking and why I oppose the awarding of copyright protection to works generated by AI. We should keep the human element in the all the arts to not only keep our society safe, but also to allow us to feel and to heal.