Hello, I simply posit the idea that to question if AI is infringing copyright, do we humans do so too? When we learn, we are taught from tools already established, public common knowledge. AI does the same, its using its programming to learn, it has basic tools and codes that are non-copyrightable. Its internal algorithms are not produced in its art, it is simply used like our brains are used. Now, training AI is like people going to school. The AI is fed massive amounts of references like we are just by living our lives. We humans consume amounts of data so obscenely massive every single second of our lives, it is still near impossible to mimic it. AI is simply a FRACTION of what we humans do on a daily basis. So, is it illegal for me to see designs and logos and draw inspiration to create my own works? No. Its illegal to plagiarize. Thats the only issue. And AI can easily be taught not to plagiarize. Now we come to the question of the trained datasets. Are you gonna make my brain illegal? My memory? All the difference is just that an AI has a digital memory we can easily access. People have the same thing. Its just biological and we can express our thoughts into physical reality through speech. People are just mad because they are jealous that an AI can do what they trained their whole lives to do in mere days. We should view AI as a form of evolution to humanity. A cognitive boosting tool. Free up our brainpower from rote memorization and fetching, allow the AI to become that powerhouse. Its like cars. Horse-breeders were in a tizzy and died out because of cars, I&rsquo;m sure if you search past technological advances as case studies, you&rsquo;ll simply see copyright in AI training is merely a transformed problem that you have encountered and dealt with in the past. What of taking pictures of artwork? For personal use it is not illegal or breaking any copyright. Same with AI. So once again, do not push liability onto the programs and limit their potentials because of jealous artists with their feelings hurt. Always hold humans accountable for using AI to infringe copyrights. Develop methods to help people check for this. All human discovery is and has been built on past discoveries and knowledge. Its just simply rearranged a little different by different people each iteration until someone luckily succeeds. Limiting and banning AI like how anti-AI people want would be going against all that is what the patent office should stand for. You hold patents to protect the progress and rights of humanity. Not to gatekeep it. I rest my case with a simple example. The man who saw a round rock roll down a hill, he made a wheel. A man saw the stone wheel and used wood for it, the man that made the stone wheel was angry! Mad! &ldquo;HE STOLE MY WHEEL!&rdquo;<br/>Who is right and who is wrong? In the end, wooden wheels are ancient history and nobody cares anymore. The same is going to happen with AI and nearly everything our industry trained perceptions hold dear. AI will be the discovery of fire. It will be the Ford assembly line. It will destroy everything old. If you try and protect the old and obsolete, you will invariably sink so deep, you will lose all power and ability to evolve with the future.<br/><br/>Now that my point is made, here is the easiest solution: create a set of new patent laws, new copyright, new AI laws that are radically different. Human value will need to account for AI augmentation. AI is the sidekick. You need to tie people&rsquo;s identities to their AI accounts and tools if you want accountability. Shift the value system completely. To the degree of the ford assembly line levels of shifts. I&rsquo;m not an expert in patent law, so I have no idea what the details of that looks like, however if you need or want my unique perspectives on understanding and how we can comprehend the nature of consciousness the AI will force us to evolve, then by all means reach out to me. All I know is that trying to regulate and ban instead of accepting and adapting will cause your agency and the US government to be destroyed. Our entire economy is based on our ability to get a degree, train a skill, or have an ability that is unique. AI will shatter the value of these and make them common. So what makes humans unique? Our individual and collective potentials to understand, our consciousness. Restructure value systems based on levels of understanding, levels of consciousness. Paths of education can still be held in regard as an elite few who verify the AI. We still need human experts, however with AI everyone will become experts overnight. The level of true expertise will raise 10x 1000x and what we call visionary geniuses of today will be the general experts of tomorrow. Shift the economy exponentially. Value savants and expect the general 90 percent of all humans to become PHD level experts in whatever they choose. Our kids will have 8 PHD&rsquo;s by 20. We will truly value only the most genius of geniuses in the new future of AI augmentation.