To summarize the conclusion I intend to reach with this comment: AI-generated &quot;artistic&quot; works should not be eligible for copyright protection of any kind, unless they&#39;re subjected to very significant human-made modifications or the AI is merely used as a tool manipulated by humans for their works, because they are not created by humans (regardless if the generator was prompted by a human) and because of the nature of content generation through an AI. Though AI-powered technologies are undoubtedly becoming increasingly important and have the clear potential to facilitate, improve and optimize tasks which otherwise are rather extremely difficult, time-consuming and tedious to fulfill, these technologies are and must always be, without any doubt, mere tools for humans to use for our own projects, rather than entities to replace us, especially in the creative industries, due to the incapacity of an AI to process truly human thought.<br/><br/>1: Learning processes. AI vs. humans: we should always understand that an AI-powered computer program, even if it seems to display otherwise, does not think like a human does, and certainly does not learn in the same way a human does. Let&#39;s place ourselves in the context of a creative: whereas us humans have an understanding of work ethic and sympathy towards our fellow individual, which we possess due to biological factors and is thus natural to us, an AI does not have it. It may be able to offer us a detailed definition of these concepts if we ask it for it, but for it this definition will be no more than the &quot;correct answer,&quot; the right thing to say based on the information within its database. As a result of this, anyone could come to the conclusion that an AI&#39;s learning process to create &quot;artistic&quot; works (e.g., images, videos, music, written works, etc.) is not quite the same as a human&#39;s. Indeed, whereas our emotional responses to our enviroment and interactions with other humans have an effect on our learning process, incentivizing us to take the route least harmful to our peers to advance our careers and artistic ability, as well as to make original works which make sense and are personal to us emotionally and aesthetically, an AI chooses its route entirely based on achieving good looking results in the easiest way possible. This is done, of course, through mindless replication. As an AI is incapable of exhibiting an emotional response to its enviroment, it only knows that a &quot;good work&quot; is that which receives a positive response by humans. It does not understand why it receives that response, only that it does, and therefore it must create something similar to satisfy its client. Because of this, the products generated by an AI merely replicate what it sees humans like and think (though its narrow window which is the information within its database), without any regard for originality, personality or technical understanding. This is fundamentally different from human&#39;s study of another person&#39;s work; in the case of a painter, for example, they might occasionally try to replicate another painter&#39;s work to understand how to execute the work&#39;s content. However, unlike an AI, the human should be aware that this copy is merely created for learning purposes and that publishing it as an original work without the original artist&#39;s consent is deeply unethical and removes any personality from the work, therefore the painter will not do so, and will instead use the obtained knowledge to create original, personal and sensical works. Because an AI does not understand this, there have been multiple documented instances of AI-generated works committing apparent plagiarism, replicating artists&#39; signatures, characters, watermarks, etc. In fact, many AI-powered generators are created with the purpose of replicating a human&#39;s voice or physical aspect, as an example.<br/>In conclusion to this point: an AI-generated &quot;artistic&quot; work is not comparable to a human-made work. An AI should not be considered an artist in the same way a human can be, and its works, therefore, should not receive the same kind of protection. Of course, the question as to whether AI-generated works should be considered plagiarism or not remains open, though I&#39;m inclined to believe they should be.<br/><br/>2. Who&#39;s the creator? The client or the creator?: one could try to argue against the first point claiming that the human-made prompt which made the AI generate a work makes it human enough to receive copyright protection in favor of its human prompter. However, this implies that the client requesting the work is, therefore, the creator of the work. I find this idea quite nonsensical. If a person were to commission an artist to make a painting based on their own instructions and preferences, would that person be considered the true artist behind the resulting work? While some degree of credit may be given to them for incentivizing the artist and for possessing the original idea, ultimately the artist is the creator, without a doubt.