While generative AI does have potential to become an incredibly useful tool in the future, one of the largest issues regarding it is the fact that since its implementation the artist&rsquo;s whose work it learns from have had very little input in its continued development. A fact that has left many with the sentiment that their rights are being directly infringed upon with little or no recourse. And such feelings are not directly without merit as pointed out by DiMatteo in AI and Intellectual Property Law. As the current form of generative AI is completely dependent upon on the inputs of countless other works in order to function at all and the majority of these works are subsequently used without permission of the original other or an allowance for them to opt out of such a one-sided partnership. Moreover, it is a selling point of generative AI that one could specify a certain art style cultivated by an individual in their initial prompt to steer the outputted image, an action that further narrows the program to only analyze materials from the desired artist and copy from them. Because of this necessity for utilizing copyrighted sources as a means of learning, there should be little discussion as to whether this constitutes copyright infringement. Moreover, the EU&rsquo;s sui generis database protection sets some precedent for protecting against the extraction or parts of a database&rsquo;s content without express permission from the owner. However, in the end, some form of restriction of precedent should be clearly set as a means of restricting the future use of generative AI as well as protecting the livelihoods of artists. <br/><span style='padding-left: 30px'></span>In regard as  to whether AI generated images can be subject to copyright, some may point towards the outcome of Burrow-Giles Lithographic Co v. Sarony where the court defined the author as &ldquo;he whom anything owes its origin&rdquo;. However, it would be difficult to argue that the user actually creates anything when using AI as the program itself completes nearly all of the work beyond the initial prompt. And thanks to the Naruto v. David Slater et al case, a precedent has been set so that at the moment, only humans can hold copyright. Seemingly ensuring that unless the AI generated image undergoes substantial changes at the hand of a human author, it would not be copyrightable.<br/>DiMatteo, Larry A. (2022). AI and Intellectual Property Law. In The Cambridge Handbook of Artificial Intelligence (pp. 257-270). Cambridge University Press.<br/>