I believe that there is already immense harm from current &quot;artificial intelligence&quot; being done to artists, musicians, writers, and countless other professionals. It devalues our work and is making it even harder to find gainful employment in an economy already rife with layoffs. The potential for greater societal harm if we allow this technology to go unchecked, including even greater loss of trust in images and video for news reporting, identity theft, imposter phone call scams, generation of illicit images of minors and public figures, even greater general proliferation of false information on the internet, overwhelming contests and communities art submissions, etc. has convinced me that the technology should be completely banned or at least extremely controlled and regulated to ensure safety to the same extent that things like nuclear energy and weapons are. While the ability to use various digital technologies for ill has long existed, the scale, speed, and ease at which current AI tech can be used for illicit means makes it extremely dangerous in my opinion.<br/><br/>In regards to copyright specifically, so-called &quot;generative AI&quot; is trained on tremendous amounts of copyrighted material almost entirely without the consent or even knowledge of countless individuals and organizations who created that material. Using this largely copyrighted and non-consensual data, AI companies are now profiting off what I would consider largely stolen work and abusing the lack of regulation to try to out-compete numerous companies and individuals, essentially selling the work of others cut up and regurgitated at a ludicrous, near instantaneous mass production scale. <br/><br/>Even when not used for specifically nefarious behavior, I believe it will also stifle innovation and lead to lower quality but much more abundant images, text, sounds, etc. while also contributing to wasteful energy use. In order to continue true innovation we must empower current and future generations to create as professionals. We must use regulations and laws like copyright to protect our ability to create and earn a fair living from our work. The so-called generative AI cannot function without the work of countless humans, as has been shown with massive quality loss when models are trained on their own AI &quot;generative&quot; data. If we let things continue without protections and regulation, we risk not only countless jobs but also potentially limit ourselves by letting AI and AI companies control vast swaths of industries and manipulate our thoughts and behavior. To stop our digital world from being flooded with torrents of junk content, weaken the potential for criminal activity and other abuse, and nurture future generations of artists, writers, computer programmers, teachers, and more, I strongly support the use of copyright law and other regulations to limit the use and development of artificial intelligence. I also believe America has a chance to show leadership in this field of policy that could immensely benefit the entire world and hope that we will not allow AI business that benefit financially from lack of current regulations to get away with the harm they have already done and control the narrative. <br/><br/>Thank you for your time and consideration.