First of all, the idea calling the systems in question here &quot;Artificial Intelligence&quot; is completely misleading and does a lot to obscure the real issues surrounding the technology. AI does not have any individual or unique intelligence. It pulls from a mass of data it has access to and amalgamates it into an answer to a query, like it&#39;s doing a Mad Libs.<br/>So what is that data? 99.9% of the time, it is STOLEN. The developers of these systems scrape the Internet for vast quantities of PEOPLE&#39;S creative outputs, usually those of artists - writers and illustrators. These people do not consent to having their works used in such a way. But if the system takes in enough of an individual artist&#39;s work, it can directly mimic that artist. This is especially apparent in illustrative works. Artists work their whole lives to improve their craft, to create a style that is unique to them. And AI developers can just go to the artists&#39; social media, take all of their art that they&#39;ve posted over the years - which that artist does in an effort to make a living off of their art, something that is getting more and more difficult as the years go by - put it into their AI system, and generate art in their style? Does that not seem unfair to you?<br/>Consider this as well: someone comes across that same artist&#39;s social media. They love that artist&#39;s art. They want some for themself. In the past, the standard ways to do this would be to either buy an existing piece of art from the artist, or to commission a brand new piece for themselves. But not in 2023! In 2023, that person thinks to themself, &quot;ok, let me go plug this artist&#39;s name into an AI image generator and see what I can get!&quot; And if that AI can provide them with a reasonable enough facsimile of the artists&#39; style, then they&#39;ll make that their computer wallpaper or something and call it good! That artist is robbed of a possible sale.<br/>This is the most clear-cut what-if scenario. In my opinion, it is clearly wrong and an infringement on the copyright of that artist. But if you zoom out and get into the macro view, pulling from not just one artist but thousands, millions - does that constitute copyright infringement? I would still say yes. Not because individual victims can always be identified, but because they cannot. There will be so many victims, all the time, that the collective harm to the creative community in this country will be absolutely incalculable and definitely devastating. Most artists have a specialty or favorite subjects or topics. If a person is in the mood for a specific flavor of art, what is natural would be for them to go find it and be directed to those artists who create what they want to see. But with AI ubiquitous, instead that person will type what they want into an image generator, and the work of the artist/s that creates the work that this person wants to see honestly, by hand, will be used by the system to generate an image! Every artist with content in an AI system - again, 99.9% of the time against their will - will be constantly robbed and deprived, a tiny bit at a time, the same as the individual artist whose style was stolen. How much that theft is worth is minuscule day-to-day, for most artists, but add that up over time, and add up all of the millions of artists in this country, and it is obscene in its value. These companies building AI systems, many are benefiting from the venture capital industry, receiving valuations in the billions of dollars and investment money in the millions. All of that is them being paid for this mass theft.<br/>If AI art is allowed to flourish, allowing these systems to use content from anyone, under copyright or not, to generate output, then the whole concept of copyright itself is diminished. What is and is not intellectual property, the lines and very significance of these concepts and values in our society are diminished. In a world in which AI art is allowed to operate without restriction on developer or user, what if I go to an AI image generator and put in a query for &quot;smiling cartoon mouse,&quot; and I get an image that bears a striking resemblance to Mickey Mouse, and I monetize that image? Disney holds the copyright for Mickey Mouse. Aspects and assets of copyrighted imagery and material went into the creation of the AI image of the smiling cartoon mouse. But because it went through the AI, I can monetize that image? What does that say about Disney&#39;s copyright? My actions would be spitting in the face of that copyright!<br/>Finally, n a human and philosophical level, why the hell are we allowing the creation of art, one of the most human and essential parts of life, to be handed off to machines? Who are not human and are not intelligent and will never be? Someone said that great quote about being a soldier so his grandson could be an artist. What do these artists do, once they have been replaced by machines? Regress back to being a soldier - in an office, in retail, etc?<br/>AI needs the boot so we can prevent this.