Every work produced by GenAi, LLM, and Machine Learning must automatically be labeled copyright infringement  and plagiarism And punishable under the law. Any work made off  gen ai or made partly made off gen A, aside simple editing it must be counted as copyright infringement , and plagiarism , regardless of later human modification or input.   AI training does not make fair use of copyrighted material scraped from the internet.   As companies are clearly using material they did not produce, labor they did not employ, or compensate or receive explicit consent to use, they must delete all material that they have.  They must be required to delete the data, delete the algorithm, and delete the models that were created from data that was improperly, unethincial, and improperly obtained.  Every work made before must be counted as infringement, and companies and individuals must be held legally liable and financially liable  for each infringement.  <br/>Companies will try to get out of these punishments, or drag their feet to do it.They must not be allowed to do that.<br/>To ruminate the harm already done, companies must  compensate each creator for the use of their work, name, and likeness. They had no right to those materials in the first place; they were taken without notification, compensation, or consent. They were stolen.<br/>Companies right now are reworking to their terms of service so that anything publicly available is theirs to take. That is not, and can never be acceptable, whether it is a person, a company, or code.  Again, this is code based on theft. <br/>The selling of gen ai productions must be counted the same as the selling of stolen copyright material, and companies,platforms. and individuals  facilitating the creation, selling and purchase of such material must be held legally liable. Victims must also be compensated for the extensive  loss of time, labor, money, and emotional and mental damages caused by the theft of their work and likeness by these companies, platforms, datasets, and individuals.<br/>Right now companies are using gen ai to have their employees train their machine product replacements, without any regulation, consent or compensation. Companies and platforms have taken work and fed it into their AI, without notifying the contributors or giving them adequate time or resources to opt-out, or reject the use of their work. If companies use employer work in gen ai , the companies must  pay their employee or contributor for each use on top of their initial compensation of labor. If an employee leaves an agreement or business, the company no longer holds the right to use their work without the explicit  notification, and consent of that individual. This includes all creative works, code, personal data ,and physical likeness,  including name, face, body, or voice. <br/>Going forward, if a company wants to use copyrighted material for their dataset, it is their responsibility to contact, obtain consent from the creator. They must also give compensation/ credit to said creator. If the company/platform cannot or refuses to do this, or if the owner refuses  they are not allowed to use the material. If they fail to reach the appropriate creator(s), they do not have permission to use the material.  If the company, platform, organization, or individual uses material without permission, they have committed a crime and must be held accountable for every count of infringement, especially if it was for commercial gain. <br/>We cannot put the burden of labor on creators to go after each and every user directly.  Companies and platforms can not be allowed to simply pass on liability to their users. <br/><br/>The current landscape of gen ai is one of exploitation. Companies, individuals , and platforms, are trying to worm out any responsibility or liability. It is not a &#39;legal grey-zone&#39;. It is certainly not a moral one either.  It is unlawful and unfair. It is a mass theft of labor, resources, wealth, education, wages, likeness, privacy, data security, and identity. Gen Ai cannot be allowed to be made from unconsented work and the data of the masses. This simply cannot continue.