These are not artists - they insert their idea and fulfill that idea based on a compilation of images that have been scanned into the program. These images often have mangled artists signatures still appearing on the right hand lower side. Photographers and artists worked to realize the images that AI users are now stealing. My red teapot painting should not be the basis for a similar red teapot image that is then copyrighted - if i didnt copyright my painting i could then be sued by the AI user who copyrighted the generated red teapot image. Ai users do not use skill, talent, hardwork to hone their craft or creat an identifiable style. It takes artists years to achieve that and in a flash an ai user can prompt &quot;red teapot in the style of &times;&times;&times;&quot; or blue teapot in the style of &times;&times;&times;&quot; and &quot;poof&quot; that artists work and style has been copied by AI user. It will put human artists and illustratirs out of work permanently and end the expansion of artistic expression because AI only knows how to copy what it has been fed. Please do not allow AI art to be copyrighted and also make law that all reproduced AI work be it on TT, facebook, childrens books, posters etc must be labeled as AI generated in the same area where an artists signature would be. Just as the writers and actors gild are trying to protect their industry photographers and artist who have no ability to form unions must be protected from compilations of the collective work of both groups from being stolen, manipulated and regurgitated out. Who will be inspired to become a master class artist if the eventual outcome will be that they will be put out of work when their work is scanned into one of these programs? Will our children only read books written and illustrated by machines? Will there be no original paintings in museums past 2030 because it is of no value to be a painter - ai will strip artists and photographers work of any monetary value - everyone will resort to producing online product from ai images. Artists and photographers will be no more because they can no longer make a living. The only way to stop this is to not allow ai work of any kind copyrightable, to not allow ai programs to be allowed to scan work from the internet - whether copyrighted or not - without permission from the original creator and to force ai work to bare the name of what program it was generated from vs artist signature at bottom right of image. 