Images and writing generated by a generative AI should not be copyrightable. U.S. law already upholds the fact that direct human input is needed for something to be copyrighted, which AI works do not fall under. <br/>Additionally, Generative AI systems such as ChatGPT and DALL-E often train themselves on the works of human authors and artists respectively. This is often done without their knowledge or consent. Almost all artists and authors, especially in America, are concerned to some degree that AI will advance enough to make their jobs obsolete as these AI are trained on their own work. Media companies&rsquo; unchecked increasing reliance on AI systems will reach a point where the jobs of creatives will be replaced by AI imitations, leading to massive layoffs of already-employed creatives (who often do not have unions to protect them) and eventually creating a media landscape in this country that is stale and soulless. <br/>The backbone of American cultural influence is our creativity. Hollywood is the dream of writers and actors from around the world. If studios see that Generative AI is cheaper than human actors, writers, and animators, a crisis could hit the creative industry in America. Human creatives would be dissuaded from pursuing careers in an industry that seems doomed, and they would refrain from publishing their art for the fear it would be used to train the AI systems that doomed it. <br/>Many people will claim that all art is derivative, that humans also copy from human artists, but this claim misses the point of the discussion. Humans naturally seek creativity and communication, which art gives them an outlet too. An AI system has no innate desire to personalize or innovate within the works in generates. Additionally, when a human creative copies another&rsquo;s style and makes a few personalizations to it, there is no substantial fear that this artist will put the other artist out of a job. <br/>History has shown us that societies who dissuade artistic impression, either directly or indirectly, lead to nothing but suffering and stagnation. Let&rsquo;s let human artists and authors have control over how their works are used by being able to revoke permission from generative AIs to use them as training. In doing so we not only give creatives the room to create, but protect them from institutions that would wish to see the innate human process of &ldquo;art&rdquo; be automated, leading inevitably to an empty and soulless media landscape in America. <br/><br/>Thank you. 