Due to AI art over saturating the online art market, I heavily believe that it holds the potential to ruin the careers of artists who actually create their own art. Just by scrolling social media that people use to host their art, like Twitter, I have seen multiple artists being harassed for what was previously a normal price for art. AI art has been made and sold with barely any personal input outside of the programs used, which to me, are just tools, not the art itself. If AI art is to continue as it is, I believe it should be illegal to sell, must require sources for what it pulls from, and not be copyrightable as the human element only designs the tool and tells it what to do. If there is to be any legal protection for AI, I think it should be distinct from copyright, and simply be there to confirm who put in the commands. <br/>Similarly, I also believe the uses of AI should be heavily regulated. Many content creators risk being impersonated or wrongly accused by people using AI to mimic the creator, or fabricating &quot;evidence&quot; of the creator doing something they are being accused of. If these kinds of uses aren&#39;t recognized and controlled, then justice becomes nothing but a parody since we would have to constantly be questioning if some evidence is fabricated by AI or not. Almost all digital evidence would become invalid, essentially. <br/>Along a similar vein, streamers can heavily benefit from the use of AI in running their streams. Many streamers struggle to have an engaging experience for their audience, and AI has already been used to give viewers more options to interact with a streamer. Some have been used to add a text to speech to certain messages in the chat beyond what was already available. Another good example would be how some streamers have created &quot;pets&quot; that act on their own in some way so that the streamer isn&#39;t the only thing keeping visual attention. I especially view the uses for streamers as important to preserve, partially because I am also a streamer, but mainly because it can add more interactions to many streams without harming anyone or anything. 