Questions:<br/>1. How AI models should use copyrighted data in training: AI models should NOT use copyrighted data in training without explicit permission from the copyright-holder that their data may be used for these purposes. The data scraping involved in AI training, as sophisticated as jargon can dress it up to be, is theft of the original copyrighted product in a way that the unaided human would be unable to achieve. The synthesis of a critical mass of these thefts constituting the end product simply means that rather than being a single plagiarism, the end product is a conglomerate of numerous plagiarisms. In a human the input of information is processed subjectively, individually, and often incompletely, resulting in personal interpretation and creative influence rather than theft. With AI the input of information is literally reproduced in every detail, deconstructed and the deconstructed components manipulated to create a Frankenstein&#39;s monster end product from the complete and already-created components of another&#39;s work. Between and human and AI these are not equivalent processes. AI is itself a product of human creation and a tool that responds to inputted prompts. A human directs the prompts for AI training and that human is responsible for the device they are wielding as it steals and plagiarizes the work of others.<br/>2. Whether AI-generated material can be copyrighted even without a human involved: This question presumes that AI exists without human intervention. As a machine-based technology, there will always be a person responsible for turning on the on-switch. A self-driving car would still need to be started by a human, presumably this leads to a possible human agent who would be liable for damage or injury caused by that technology of which they initiated the action. The effort should be to clarify the human involvement, not overestimate the independence of AI from human actors. If the human actors involved have not fully grasped the range and ramifications of their tool&#39;s theft and plagiarism, they should still be held liable for injury and harm caused by their tool. Generally in America lack of understanding that you have committed a crime does not absolve you of criminal liability. AI should be no different. In fact, because the theft and plagiarism of AI will specifically lead to a consolidation of labor, affect employment, and be leveraged to displace human labor and compensation, this should be treated with heightened scrutiny and punishment for infraction. Policy should be crafted based upon key acknowledgments and assumptions:<br/>Acknowledgment: AI training and creation based upon internet scraping and exposure to copyrighted materials without the permission of the owner is theft and exploitation.<br/>Assumption: Corporations and employers will use AI to replace human employees if it is less expensive to use AI software than employee human labor. Corporations have always valued profit above employee security or quality of life.<br/><br/>It is the responsibility of the US government to make the theft and exploitive use of human-created products an onerous crime in order to protect the existing products of human labor and to protect the jobs of humans whose labor is sustained by their individual creative efforts. Without costly penalties or restrictions, corporations will have no qualms about slashing entire job sectors if using AI means they have a more profitable bottom line. The US government must take the initiative with corporations never will and protect the interest of people over profit.