As artificial intelligence (&ldquo;AI&rdquo;) reshapes creative production, debates intensify around the protection of works authored by or with AI (&ldquo;AI-generated works&rdquo;). The debate over whether to protect these works under the copyright system is a complex and ongoing discussion that raises significant legal, ethical, and practical considerations. The consensus is that works generated by or with AI are not protectable simply because copyright only protects the creative works of human authors. The current debate would then leave such works without protection. One issue this presents is disincentivizing the use of AI in the creation of books, art, or music. <br/>However, just as with human-created works, consumers can enjoy the art or prose of AI works, and thus these works have the same intrinsic value. Generally, the creation of value is a worthy societal and economic goal&mdash;hence the clause in the U.S. Constitution that refers to promoting &ldquo;the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.&rdquo; <br/>In addition, the current consensus is undervaluing human inputs into AI-generated works that initiate and/or enable the work&rsquo;s creation. For example, if a human gives the AI a plot and writing style details and then tells the AI to write a short story, the resulting work is only created because of that human&rsquo;s inputs. Therefore, merely as a matter of equity and fairness, the human should be rewarded for initiating the AI-generated work, thereby creating value. However, this doesn&rsquo;t mean that copyright protection should apply in such a case. <br/>Indeed, it is this last point where we have been missing an opportunity. Debate in this area has been limited to the idea that there are only two possible outcomes, namely, copyright protection or no copyright protection. This article hopes to open the debate surrounding the intricate terrain of legal protection for AI-generated works by proposing a sui generis framework for such works. This framework, characterized by limited protection terms, well-defined rights, a registration requirement, a notice requirement, and a system providing a source of funds for public good, seeks to address the major obstacles to a way forward on solving the AI/copyright debate.<br/>