I&#39;m a disabled artist aiming to work professionally creating art and hopefully be able to sustain myself by using creativity and skills honed through years of education and practice.  With the introduction of artificial intelligence trained on decades of artwork stolen from millions of artists around the globe, companies and clients have already been finding ways to skirt paying anyone to make anything.  There&#39;s already been a steep drop in job loss among all arts and creative fields due to generators trained on stolen work pushing out minced drivel and misinformation.  Fake books on a variety of subjects are popping up like weeds all across the internet: fiction and nonfiction, from foraging to fantasy.  How would you feel if you picked up a book on determining what foods would be good for your health and finding it telling you to huff mustard gas?  How would you feel if someone used AI to make a fake video of the president declaring nuclear war on the world and posted it on the internet?  How would you feel if someone fed a picture of your spouse to an AI that strips them naked and sends the picture to everyone you know?  You can&#39;t copyright a randomly generated creation spitting out inaccuracies of all kinds: it&#39;s not made by any human, and if it were made by any human they would&#39;ve corrected their mistakes before showing it off.  Every day, AI is used by bad actors to create things that never truly existed: every day it takes away jobs for real people doing real work.  Let&#39;s just be honest with each other for a moment: AI isn&#39;t truly artificial intelligence; it&#39;s the work of people in computer companies in developing countries throughout the global south, and each day these workers are traumatized by the gruesome things they see to create something that someone wants to see when they enter a prompt and push a button.  AI was created by people that saw the Terminator movies and thought that creating a genocidal robot was a good idea if they just told it to be nice and never ever touch a weapon or hurt its dear creators in any possible way ever.  Think logically: make sure that copyright doesn&#39;t extend to artificial intelligence.