To my knowledge, certain countries, like China, and companies, like Adobe, are considering the enforced watermarking of AI images using systems/programs under their control. I believe this is a good course of action, given the work is public domain (at least under current laws) and ought to be identified as belonging to everybody. I believe a cooperative system with AI developers will be the most beneficial, as opposed to one that focuses on punishment and regulation, given that this would likely only encourage AI piracy and legal abuse. Obviously, justice for criminal acts has a purpose, but I would suggest seeking compromise with the companies developing these technologies and, instead of stifling them as some suggest, attempting to develop an overarching 3rd party regulatory agency, much like the one Mark Zuckerberg instituted for his own company out of his concerns for his unintentional ethical overstepping. AI offers an analogous issue in that we cannot avoid its integration in the industry but, as stock photos must be responsibly used by creators, so too should AI generated images or words have a definable role in creative work. I am personally approaching this as a digital arts student about to graduate and looking for career opportunities, so I understand the volatile concerns people in my uncertain position have of this developing technology, and I would simply ask above all you consider not just the economic ramifications but the existential issues raised by AI&#39;s replacement of human intellect in the creative process. If it is to be used as stock ideas not owned by any entity, I believe the psychologically depressing effect of AI&#39;s usage will be mitigated. If not, I have already seen a sort of lack of interest in work by my peers who feel AI generation is the absolute future of art. I understand I am no programmer or lawyer, but I personally encourage, at the very least, an opportunistic yet cautious approach towards the technology. To stifle it now is to simply kick the can down the road, but to embrace and define its role very clearly will at least bring some stability to me and my peers looking to work in creative fields. I thank you for your attention and, while I know my insight and commentary into the issue is limited, I hope this comment serves to give you insight into the thoughts of a digital arts student.