Feedback related to the Copyright Office's selected policy issues:

(1) the use of copyrighted works to train AI models

The Copyright office has no policy interest in this subject for two
reasons. First, the usage of copyrighted works for various purposes is
beyond the bailiwick of the Copyright office's authority. Those uses are
regulated by copyright law, which is created by congress. Determinations
of infringement are handled by courts, so whether developers of AI have
a legal right to use copyrighted works for this purpose is a question
for congress and the courts, not the copyright office. Second, the
question of whether the usage of copyrighted works to train AI models
affects the copyrightability of their output is an absurdity. Generative
AI models do not contain copyrighted works in whole or in part. By
analyzing large volumes of copyrighted, these models learn the qualities
and features of "good" output and to avoid the qualities and features of
"bad" output. A text generating AI might read, among other inputs, the
words "It was a dark and stormy night." at the beginning of a novel and
learn that sentences usually begin with a subject, that nights are
"dark" and nights are "stormy", and that "well-written" sentences
describe the subject with two adjectives. Through reading millions or
billions of lines of text, it can begin to gather a series of
probabilistic notions about how sentences are written, what phrases are
likely to be used, and so forth. It is indistinguishable from human
learning. To render an AI work invalid because it has been trained on
copyrighted works would render virtually every human expression
uncopyrightable, as humans are inundated with copyrighted works almost
from the moment they develop senses inside the womb.

(2) the copyrightability of material generated using AI systems

The constitution says that Congress shall have the power "to promote the
progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to
authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings
and discoveries." The office's current stance that this applies only to
human authors is correct. Human authors are entitled to the copyright
over the specific elements of creation which they effected.

There is an argument that AI models are a mere tool, and that with the
press of a button any resulting action taken by a computer should be
entitled to the full protection of copyright. As has been noted, a
typewriter is a machine that can be used to generate fully copyrighted
works, but only because the specific imprinted images of each letter on
the page are not, themselves, copyrighted. It is the subject matter and
holistic experience of the words those letters form which is
copyrighted, regardless of their specific format. The same story written
on a typewriter is covered by the same copyright even if typed into a
computer or rewritten by hand. If the copyrightable part of a work is
the author's intent, then there's no basis for applying copyright to
"accidental" works or fully automated ones. Proving that a work was
"accidental" has always been a thorny issue and in this realm the
copyright office has been lenient for many years, but that should not
set a precedent here. The foul in this case isn't a single ball that may
or may not have fallen on one side of the line or the other, it's a
million balls bouncing around in the parking lot.

One other critical issue with artificially generated copyright is a
concern the founding fathers could not have imagined: the ability for a
machine to generate all possible works of art (or so many at a scale
that "original" human creation is stymied). We are quickly entering a
world where it is conceivable that the plot and basic structure of any
given book or story written by a human in a vacuum might have already
been written by an AI. The idea that tomorrow's Shakespeare might not be
allowed to publish because a monkey at a typewriter already wrote Romeo
and Juliet should send shivers up the spine of all but the most
committed copyright maximalists (and we should all question their mostly
financial motives for supporting that view). You cannot allow this to
happen.

(3) potential liability for infringing works generated using AI systems

While above I waxed at length about how automated systems and their
operators cannot receive copyrights because they are not human, that
does not absolve them of their legal responsibilities. An infringing
work generated by AI can still infringe when used in an infringing
manner. I cannot accidentally lay an open volume of Harry Potter on a
copy machine and absolve myself of the responsibilities for what flows
out the other end. However, there are also no restrictions built into
copy machines to prevent me from doing so (nor should there be).
Creating materials that might infringe copyright if disseminated for
personal use is not infringement. The user of generative AI bears all
legal responsibility for what they create and how it is used. That's how
it is, that's how it should be, and the copyright office should stay the
course on this matter.

(4) the treatment of generative AI outputs that imitate the identity or
style of human artists.

Pursuant to the first response, generative AI output in a certain
"style" is indistinguishable from human learning and performance of the
same. There is no copyright liability for a human author writing in the
"style" of Stephen King or George R.R. Martin. The idea that an AI could
be sanctioned for the same is a twisted nightmare fun-house vision of
copyright where authors are granted dominion not only over works they
create but the ones they explicitly didn't.

Some might sense a contradiction in this. If tomorrow's Shakespeare
writes his Romeo and Juliet only to find out that an AI system has
written largely the same story already in roughly his same style and
failed to copyright it, how can Shakespeare copyright his work? Is he to
be deprived of the fruit of his hard work because someone somewhere
pressed a button? The answer is that should face no restrictions on
publishing (because the AI work can't be copyrighted) but also be unable
to obtain a copyright (because otherwise every AI work just becomes a
race for humans to rewrite them in a copyrightable form). Copyright
exists to promote the useful arts, to create new things, not subsidize
an artist class to rehash what we already have (I'm looking at you
Disney) or to bludgeon legitimate creative enterprises into oblivion
(I'm still looking at you Disney). Perhaps it is our destiny to end up
in a world where new art is created by machines and humans largely
entrust that task to them. Perhaps not, but if were to come out that
way, I ask, would you rather that art be free for all to use and enjoy
or locked up in the vault of the man with the AI generator?

Jacob Tendy
