My name is Michael Ulm and I am writing with the first-hand experience as an artist of my disapproval of AI applications in art and media. We have seen explicit misuse of the product in retaliation and malpractice against individuals in crude imagery, plagarism, and dishonesty. Programs like ChatGPT have been misused in court filings, stating false data used to disuade our justice system, in schooling where students are not learning and using the systems to game their grades, false media narratives and statistics, incorrect year-end report summaries, and other blatant forgery of news sources and data falsification. Programs like Midjourney and OpenAI are being overtly used to subvert the art field in a means to take jobs, steal from artists for financial and personal gain, and to remove jobs from skilled laborers that trained for years and spent thousands to grow their businesses. Americans and other workers are having their ability to generate income and grow in the market are being threatened with being replaced at a rapid pace from companies and bad actors in the medium. These bad actors are hiding their practice in AI while failing to reveal their misuse of the non-accrediting scraping data stolen from artists everywhere; those artists whom have copyrights and personal ownership of the work they create &amp; should have the sole right to sell products of &amp; make contracts with. There is no opt-out of such programs, no current legislation controlling the ability of companies &amp; individuals to use copywritten data for their own personal gain. I equate it to the analogy of someone buying all the parts of a car, building it, getting the licenses and ownership of the car placed in their name, and someone else coming along and sitting in the driver&rsquo;s seat claiming they now own the car. AI in theory is to make people&rsquo;s lives easier so that they may pursue personal goals, hobbies, and other means of production. However, we are seeing in rapid means how rampant AI is being strongly misused and abused to take away such personal freedoms &amp; passions from individuals. Without checks and balances that the US is built off of, there could be massive consequences (some already seen in the throws of false narratives presented without edits on news sources) for both people, companies, and the country. Many AI data collection bots have been placed in places like social media environments and we have seen the development of them into racist chatters and even scam/spam bots. People have also used the work as their own to win cash prizes in art competitions over people who express their skills over countless hours for something generated in moments with no passion involved, off the backs of those that the generative-AI scraped from. Overall, we have seen numerous terrible applications of AI in words &amp; art, and it will only grow in consequences as we go forward with unchecked bad actors. Thank you for your consideration, and listening to those who have had their voices growingly stripped from them over the years through the misuse of the internet &amp; harmful tech.