AI makes being an artist that uses the Internet to share artwork extraordinarily difficult. I have to run my pieces through a program to make it impossible for AI programs to scrape it, as I don&#39;t consent to an AI &quot;referencing&quot; my work. Not only that, but as a student in college I am dealing with a massive influx of blatant misinformation. There is a very notorious post about this online where an AI resource tells someone that there are no African countries that begin with the letter K, but says that there are letters in Kenya that aren&#39;t there at all. Put this in perspective when entire articles are uploaded and become sponsored results on a search engine. Of course, I know better than to not take things at face value, but plenty of people are seeking convenience. What happens when there&#39;s extremely convincing misinfo? Do we recall the way the pandemic, the one that still exists, only is this bad because of lies spread online not bothered to be checked because they upheld one&#39;s ideologies? Children younger than me in school just trying to find answers to easy questions might really believe no one would lie in response to them. I should not have to sift through result after result of being offered &quot;easy&quot; ways out of things via AI. And the amount of water AIs need to function technologically is absurdly dangerous for the planet. I live in California, the drought has been going on for far too long, and they want me to just accept that there are AI programs that use more water than I could fathom using in a year? I know the water is specially curated for use by tech and is rendered undrinkable, but before that happens to it, consider getting more living human beings access to clean water. AI has its functions in places but not as vast as this, not for profit, and certainly not to curate information when it is scraping a landscape of conflicting ideas in one of the most divided eras this country has had. Needless to say, copyright needs to protect the people that AREN&#39;T involved with AI.