As an artist and musician, I believe that Artificial Intelligence and copyright need to be addressed and heavily regulated.  In a sentence, my stance on AI and copyright is that works generated solely by AI, if they could be called works, should not be copyrightable.  Both text-based and image-based AI are trained on multitudes of copyrighted works.  There is no originality within these works, and if these works are allowed to be copyrighted, it could stifle creativity and originality within the arts.<br/><br/>It is my belief that with a large enough training pool of copyrighted works, rights holders to media could render artists and musicians functionally obsolete.  Large corporations could use the existing discographies of musicians to create derivative works that sound superficially like the original artist, but are not actual artistic expressions from the artist.  Furthermore, if these corporations are allowed to copyright these derivative works, this could allow these large corporations to continue to release music that sounds like the artist, but with no financial compensation, or it could allow for the continued release of music &quot;written&quot; by an artist that has long since passed away or band that has long since broken up, such as The Beatles or Nirvana.  Eventually, a catalog of derivative AI works could eclipse that of the original artist. <br/><br/>One example of an AI derivative work is &quot;Heart on My Sleeve,&quot; an AI work that imitates the artists Drake and The Weeknd working together- this song is entirely AI generated, yet when it was published, it was taken down because of copyright concerns.  <br/><br/>To be clear, I believe that AI works are transformative enough to warrant being allowed under copyright- they are influenced by copyrighted works, but simply being influenced by a copyrighted work is not enough to make another work an infringement- to rule it so would rule out the ability for artists to be inspired.  However, since these works are entirely generated by a computer trained to know statistically what piece of information comes after another, I do not believe that they should be copyrightable.  Furthermore, simply allowing works generated entirely by a computer with little-to-no human input would allow for the possibility that an entity could use a computer to generate EVERY combination of information possible, resulting in the total annihilation of the creative market altogether.  <br/><br/>Finally, even with the limits that I believe should be placed on copyrighted works, I do not believe that works derived from AI works should be uncopyrightable.  If a human entity takes an AI generated work and can show that they transformed it sufficiently to rise to the level of copyrightability, then this should be legal.