As an artist, I am deeply concerned about the implications of generative AI, particularly the inherent issues with copyright infringement and exploitation of artists&#39; labor. Generative AI image systems were trained on artists&#39; work without the consent of the artists in question, and now anyone who uses these tools can type in basic keywords - including the names of specific artists - and spit out a comparable version in seconds. This is a clear issue of competition with human artists who already face high levels of exploitation in basically every industry, and this technology will certainly be used to replace or further exploit human artists in order to cut costs (for companies that make billions in revenue) if there is no legal intervention. What&#39;s worse is that the artists who created these works that have made these AI technologies do what they can do, are so far seeing zero compensation or material benefit for their labor, which for most artists takes years, even decades, to hone and craft - meanwhile, the developers of this tech are reaping billions in profit off of this labor. I am also deeply concerned about the extent of the datasets used by these systems, and how they could pose a threat to privacy, autonomy, and how the technology could contribute to disinformation. As of now, anyone using these systems could type in the name of a public figure - or even an unknown person with an average presence on the internet, depending on how expansive these datasets are - and create realistic pornographic or otherwise offensive imagery in seconds using that person&#39;s likeness - completely without their knowledge or consent. I don&#39;t believe AI technology is inherently harmful, in fact there could be benefits in multiple industries - but the legitimate concerns over artists&#39; copyright, everyone&#39;s right to privacy and autonomy,  and other countless potential issues that are bound to come up as a result of any groundbreaking technology, needs to be taken into consideration before expanding the influence and reach of generative AI. There NEEDS to be an ethical framework for the companies developing these systems, and that framework needs to be informed by the concerns of artists and everyday people that could be harmed by this rapidly growing technology. There needs to be massive legal intervention and limitations in order to protect the jobs and livelihoods of artists, and to protect the data and security of all people. Artists whose work has been used to train these models need to be fairly compensated if their work is used by these models, and they should be able to voluntarily &quot;opt in&quot; if they are interested in contributing to these datasets (and get compensated for opting in), rather than have their work used automatically without consent, credit, or compensation. 