The current use of copyrighted material by large language model programs should not be used to create an area of new law and violate the existing copyright of the original works. It is not fair use to scan documents and artistic creations without permission or payment and then claim that reordering the words or coloring an item a different color, is a fundamental change. In fact, the vast majority of AI generated art are not different than the originals. The originals with not paid for, as with the Google library case often used as a justification. Original creators who hold the copyright, were not compensated nor was permission granted. A scanning of pirated documents or images on websites, has left millions of copyrighted works vulnerable to this theft. If these AI generated items are then granted copyright protection, how long before the corporate owners sue the original small creators? It will be like patent law squatters. The loss will be felt in creativity and ingenuity. As an author and an attorney, I&#39;m appalled that AI has been allowed to proliferate this far without any checks or ethical considerations. The LLMs are not creating a library of resources. They are stealing others work. If I retype Julia Child&#39;s recipe on my own website with my name, that does not make it mine.just because I retyped it in maybe a different order or a different font. Yet this is what LLM companies would have others believe. As authors we already fight the proliferation of piracy, when ebooks are scanned and provided online without compensation. We risk retailers claiming we are not the legal copyright holders, because some pirate has placed our books online. Now we are at risk of further losing our very livelihoods because LLMs have been fed our work and claim it&#39;s all new, because they&#39;ve what? Left out a few words? They are not generating new words. This is not someone&#39;s new take on Pride and Prejudice or Cinderalla with a twist. These are already copyright protected works of living creators, who did not give permission for their work to be used in this way, nor were they compensated in any manner. I don&#39;t expect any software company to want their software code used without a proper license, and yet this is what they are doing with the work of others. As sites such as substack proliferate and there are more writers in online spaces, more artists looking to grow their art on their own websites, the risk is only growing that the words and art of creators will be left vulnerable and unprotected. When there is no protection, why will anyone want to create and share those works? Creators are not sitting in a tower doing it for the love of it. No matter how we love it, these creations are our livelihood as well. Should someone be allowed to scan in a script of West Wing, change it to a GOP president, and call it good? This is what that feels like. I don&#39;t think Aaron Sorkin would agree it is a substantive change.  I&#39;m asking that AI works not be copyrighted. Protect the original creators. Failure to do so will end these avenues of creativity as we know it. Why would one share one&#39;s work again, when it can be stolen and profited on by someone bigger, with more power and more resources, without permission and without compensation to the original creator. 