AI-generated material should not be given the same copyright protections as material generated by humans. Copyright laws were designed to protect the creative works of people, not artificial intelligence. Even if a human inputs a prompt into an AI, the generated output could theoretically be the exact same as an output received by another person&#39;s input into that AI. In that case, who could claim ownership over the idea? Neither, because neither human actually generated the idea, the artificial intelligence did. This doesn&#39;t mean that the AI should be allowed to claim ownership over the idea either, since it was reliant on the human input to generate the material. There should be no copyright protections for AI generated content. Copyright law should protect only human generated ideas and works, not those generated by a computer.<br/><br/>As for how to train AI, I firmly believe that there are massive egregious violations being perpetuated by these AI companies. They are scraping the internet and stealing the content of millions of people without their consent. I personally have some stories that I have written posted on the internet for others to read and enjoy. That does not mean that I give AI creators to steal them and utilize them to train their AIs. AIs stealing stories are literally stealing the voices of human writers and are regurgitating Frankenstein-esque copies of their works. Writers have specific writing styles, almost like a fingerprint, and for AI to steal that is quite literally stealing their voice and for some stealing their way of life. Same goes for artists. Most artists spend years learning how to develop their specific styles, so for an AI to steal their content and mash it together into an unholy abomination is wrong. The only way I see to ethically train AI is to allow for sites that host a lot of content to provide an option for users to opt-in to letting their content be used and sold to train AI. Not an opt-out service, but one where users have to consciously agree and click a button to opt-in to allow for their content to be used in this way. Another possibility is that AI companies could pay writers and artists directly for their works, or allow them to be paid as a job to sit there and provide input for the AI to learn off of. They should not be allowed to simply scrape from the internet without the permission of those who created the works in the first place.<br/><br/>Furthermore, I firmly believe that any and all works generated by AI should be required to disclose that they are generated by AI to protect consumers. Consumers should not have to buy a book assuming that it is written by a human only to be given AI generated garbage. There was a story in Time Magazine about a man who published a children&#39;s book that was completely generated by AI (https://time.com/6240569/ai-childrens-book-alice-and-sparkle-artists-unhappy/). Amazon reviews of the book have described it as &quot;soulless.&quot; Although the author voluntarily disclosed the fact that this book was generated by AI, there is nothing that mandates this. Consumers should not have to guess whether or not a work is generated by AI or not, as there can be a very clear difference in quality. If AI is used anywhere in the generation process, even if it was used to generate the idea of the book but did not generate any of the text, that should need to be disclosed, in order to protect consumers from purchasing a work of art they believed to be generated by a human.<br/><br/>AI-generated content has the potential to severely impact the livelihoods of many human artists and creators. Not only that, but these AIs are being trained off of human-generated content without the consent of the human who created it. It&#39;s a slap in the face. Art is something so fundamentally human and the fact that we are having to protect that is absurd. I don&#39;t want to live in the dystopian universe where human artists and creators have been replaced by robots. Art is expression of the human experience, and these AIs are fundamentally incapable of generating ideas that haven&#39;t been directly stolen or mashed together from stolen ideas and content. This sort of content generated by the AIs, therefore, deserve no protections under the law. The only way that AI can ethically be used to generate content is if every single piece of content used to train it was obtained consensually, which is pretty much impossible. Please, as a writer myself, I am begging you to do everything in your power to protect us from this AI generated content that has been created on the backs of the writers and artists it has been stolen from. Thank you.