I would like to present my predictions and ideas on the state of law regulations around Artificial Intelligence in visual media. As English is not my first language, yet I would like to express my thoughts on the matter freely, I will be speaking straight to the point without much decoration. My name is Filip, I am a freelance graphic designer from Poland, yet I am seeking employment in the United States. I have been working in the industry for the past 6 years, and never before did I see something that, if not regulated correctly, could singlehandedly destroy the whole industry, possibly even more than that. Artificial Intelligence should be used as a tool, and only a tool for graphic designers to use in their work, similarly to how we use stock images in it - we cannot put a copyright when the stock image we use has not been altered in a major way (so similarly, AI should only help with a part of the image and not be the sole &quot;author&quot; of it). AI should, at least, be getting the same treatment, as if it gets the ability to use copyrights from it&#39;s raw outputs, the consequences would be catastrophic. <br/>Graphic designers, programmers and other people would start loosing jobs, as the only thing right now that is keeping the employers from firing these people, is this exact copyright law. Companies are already dancing on the line of how much AI content they can use, and realistically speaking, companies will of course do anything to increase profit - replacing a fully payed and covered worker with a $20/month robot that, in theory, can create hounded times more material than the human is a simple dilemma. This brings me to my second point - as we already live in a world filled with advertisement and merchandise on every corner, giving every person with a working computer the ability to create industry standard content (if the AI develops further) will shake the whole economy surrounding media production - the need for professional film and photo equipment will fall, same thing will happen to editing software as well as PC hardware market. Besides that, we will see millions of graphic designers loosing jobs, or having their pay majorly cut, as they become easily replaceable.<br/>While the art industry is already very competitive and hostile to the artist, there is still hope to correctly regulate the usage of AI, which can in result, save the industry going forward. We should treat A.I content similarly to how we have been treating stock footage up to this point. A final visual product can only be copyrighted if the used AI or stock content has been altered in a large enough way, that is, for example, the AI content has not replaced most of the content of the final image. If we try to sell an armchair for example, and want to put it as it looked like the armchair is sitting inside a nice bedroom, the bedroom should be either a 3D render or a photo, not an AI generated image. What could be AI generated though, are minor details, such as a statue, some fruits inside empty bowls and similar, minor elements that don&#39;t take away the depth from the designers work, they add it. I hope I could get my point across with this simple example, but I am very eager to present my point further, if needed. Please contact me or call me any time if you would like to talk about these topics, graphic designers of our world deserve to be credited for their work and real, creative effort.