As a professional editor and writer with 40+ years in the industry, I strongly urge the US Copyright Office to ensure that copyrighted works are protected from unlicensed appropriation for the purposes of training or otherwise &quot;feeding&quot; content systems, including those known as generative AI. The principles of fair use seem to come easily into play here: while there are limited cases for unlicensed use of small amounts of copyrighted material, works enjoy protection from being wholly or significantly used without a license from the copyright owner. The companies seeking to take others&#39; content without license so they can train AI models and populate the expressions used on their content generators will argue that they&#39;re either using just small snippets (and argue it should be treated as a new Fair Use exemption) or altering the expression so it no longer violates the original copyright. But these are false arguments. These systems ingest all or most of the copyrighted work &mdash; similar to what a photocopier does &mdash; and then use it to produce amalgamated content from the ingested sources with some degree (it varies) of varied expression. As a journalist, I would call that plagiarism. It is true that the expression can be altered to some extent, but that doesn&#39;t change the fact that the original content has been used without license as its basis.  Modern technology allows the rewriting to be almost free, unlike the case of someone reading a book and then writing a similar one, and I believe we need to therefore protect that original content and its derivative works more strongly. AI can simply ingest and steal at a scale unimagined, and that requires the legal framework to account for that change.<br/><br/>I would also urge that AI-generated content not be considered copyrightable. It does derive its output today from human creation, but the authors are purely algorithms that have no meaningful human curation or direction. And as this technology gets established, more and more of the derivations will come from AI-created content, in which the human component is insignificant or even nonexistent. It&#39;s a slippery slope best avoided at the top of the slide. There is no creativity, simply a set of rules applies to words and expressions.<br/><br/>I would also encourage adoption of a principle found in European copyright law, that of the right of the author &mdash; especially when likeness of image, phrasing, voice, and other creative expression fundamental to the recognizability of the copyrighted material is also synthesized, imitated, or otherwise proferred without a license. I realize this starts feeling more like a design trademark than a strict copyright, but because AI makes expression so malleable, our laws should be adapted to reflect that expression in this era is more flexible and variable than in the 19th century when a sequence of words sufficed to be the end-all of the expression. We certainly have seen copyrights applied to video and audio expressions factor in &quot;closeness&quot; and deception or usurpation of the original, so there is a basis for doing so more broadly across expressions including text now that generative AI exists and is ingesting millions, perhaps billions of copyrighted content.<br/><br/>The tech industry has argued that it cannot afford to license all that content to build its systems, so society must therefore essentially waive copyright to further their economic ambitions. Yet we don&#39;t allow someone to photocopy books and articles, or film movies in a theater, or record sings fro the radio and then sell works based on them &mdash; it is still theft. The economic convenience of a specific industry should not undermine or terminate the economic and other interests of the actual creators.