I am a working illustrator and recent college graduate. It has been surreal being in my last year of university and seeing the conversation around AI generated images. On a philosophical level, AI as we understand it today are only capable of &quot;creating&quot; anything in the sense that I stuck a frozen lasagna in the oven to &quot;create&quot; my dinner. AI cannot generate information by itself, it must be fed information first to be processed into something else. This will not change until we fully understand what &quot;consciousness&quot; is and are able to write it into code, which as a scientific breakthrough, is further away from us than aliens. <br/><br/>On a literal level, AI generated images rip the copyrighted works of various painters, illustrators, and visual creatives, and processes them into new images, without the permissions of the image creators or owners. Some of these new images are so close to the original that it would be considered grounds for copyright infringement if made by a human. This image generation has even tried to replicate the signatures of artists. Some have defended this point, stating that the AI is simply starting to understand that paintings are often signed by their creators, but remember that AI cannot &quot;understand&quot;. It is unconscious.<br/><br/>Since AI cannot create, cannot understand, and cannot even provide commentary, these images cannot be considered authored by anyone and should thus receive no copyright protection. Furthermore, AI has existed largely to process the copyrighted materials of visual artists, and generate imagery using the processed images. As such, AI imaging models using copyrighted materials in its data collection should be grounds for copyright infringement, and by extension, any generated works using the infringing data set. The alternative would be to allow a loophole in the copyright system that enables bad-faith actors to launder other peoples intellectual property for profit, which would fail the stated goals of the Copyright Office- To promote creativity and Free Expression.