I am vehemently opposed to permitting AI generated work to be copyrighted. AI programs have been found to train their systems on free bodies of work (from writing which was recreationally done and posted for free to share with others, to art or photographs shared online in online galleries which are open to the public to peruse and enjoy). It is unethical to permit copyrighting of work that is generated by AI. People should have been given the ability to opt-out of their work being used to train AI systems but to date that seems to have never happened (the only way to protect from that is to keep your content private, unviewable, and unshareable). Furthermore, if you consider copyright as the right of an individual to protect their work: AI generated content is not work created by a person, it is a person feeding prompts to a program and using the results that it produces. There is no person writing (the people whose writing trained the program are never credited and were not asked permission for their works to be used in such a way). There is no person who is painting or designing (and in fact the people whose paintings, designs, works that required hours of their labor and skill to create, were not given the ability to opt-out of AI programs training on their work and using their work as reference points to transmorph into AI &quot;art&quot;). <br/><br/> The content that AI creates, AI could not generate without the real-world time, skill, and labor from human beings (who had no say in their works being used as reference points for AI programs). AI &quot;art&quot; and &quot;writing&quot; do not require an artist or a writer, they do not require a person&#39;s skill or labor or time. They have a person sitting and feeding prompts into a program. The only reason that &quot;art&quot; can be created is because of the real-world people whose works are unrecognized, uncredited, and without consent, were used to train AI programs and then amalgamated into the programs&#39; body of references, all without acknowledgement, consent, or warning. 