I strongly believe that AI created works should not be protected by copyright as they frequently utilize mass amounts of copyrighted material to create their content. Even in the case of using non-copyrighted material, it is generally in a way that the original creator has no way of protecting. For example, Twitter (now X) has included into their terms and services that every single user must agree to in order to use the platform that any and all content published to the site is allowed to be scrapped by AI for the purpose of AI created works. Meanwhile, Twitter has set itself up over the past decade and a half as being integral to news sharing including but not limited to information on ongoing natural disasters and other dangerous circumstances. The introduction of forcing all users to allow their content to be essentially stolen for another entity&rsquo;s profit introduces the risk of news sites leaving in order to protect their IP, thus potentially putting American lives in mortal peril. It also allows for those bad actors who wish to spread misinformation a greater share of the AI input, thus worsening the current situation of social network misinformation strategies potentially led by foreign powers.<br/><br/>If the potential physical danger of allowing AI to steal from any source with impunity is not enough, it will also be catastrophic for small business owners. While a large corporation may have the resources to legally pursue any copyright infringement, small businesses such as small town local papers, individual healthcare professionals who write articles online related to their expertise, artists, writers, and even those businesses who provide specialized information (education, blacksmithing, board game design, cooking, etc.) could be effected by having their content stolen, having the thief use the pay that may have gone to hiring a writer go to posting the stolen content online as a top two sponsored result on Google, and having all of their web traffic be funneled into the thief&rsquo;s site causing their business undue harm. Allegedly, they could bring this to court, but most small businesses do not have the resources to do so. By allowing AI to be protected by copyright, you are essentially creating legal theft of creative content for the purpose of profit. <br/><br/>A good example of this is the AI scraping of fanfic. Fan fiction is when writers take a previously created work of art and write their own stories based on it usually with the same characters put in different situations. The legality around using copyrighted characters is that the fanfic stories cannot make money of their own (this is not true in every instance but is true in most). However, AI has already begun scraping fanfics meaning that they are taking creative content from individuals who cannot legally copyright their material and using material that cannot be legally copyrighted to turn a profit.<br/><br/>I know that the law isn&rsquo;t fair but I do believe we should endeavor for fairness when creating new laws. I believe a way to do so would be to make all AI created materials unable to be covered by copyright because we can&rsquo;t always determine if the material it bases its creations is already copyrighted or not and, if in the case of the latter, it might be based off of material that is illegal to copyright in the first place. 