The main issue with A.I. in general is it will be and is currently used to replace the human element in a field. Now more than ever, artists face a huge dilemma at the unconcerned hands of those who would gain more out of their loss. Notable services such as Stable Diffusion have utilized it for the purpose of replacing artists, churning out art for profit and rendering human effort useless in the creative process. In truth, there is no real effort on the side of the A.I., merely a set of words and prompts to mass produce works. With that in mind, what then is the point of hiring artists to be paid for their work if they and their works are merely regarded as tools? By that same logic, if A.I. were to be implemented into other work fields, what would be the point of working for anything at all if there is nothing to do and nothing to look forward to? <br/>As it stands, A.I. serves to destroy the labor and creativity of the human mind, forcing it to depend on a machine to do all the work for them. There have already been instances of A.I. being used to halt the creative process as well as replace it in the curriculum of educational institutions as well, classes introducing its use rather than teaching its students the fundamentals and growing their own potential to create. If it hasn&#39;t happened already, then there will be cases of depression and suicides stemming from this, students having their dreams thrown away simply because of this fascination with machine learning. On top of the use of the technology to replace the human element, while measures may be taken to ensure that A.I. users differentiate their works from those who do not use it on websites that offer the choice, the fact of the matter is honesty will not be assured. If an A.I. artist is not honest about their works or intentions, neither will those in other fields who seek to use A.I. Where the machine may lack reason and understanding for why it does what it does, the person utilizing it is fully aware and not likely to be forthcoming.<br/>There are no ethics to be had with A.I., machine learning, or whatever those who support it choose to call it. 