AI must be regulated and must not be allowed to be copyrighted until the problem of theft has been solved. Right now, it is possible to input a prompt into all known AI image and text generators, and simply receive a copy of a piece that was used in the dataset. What this means, is that right now, all of these programs are functionally capable of unintentional plagiarism. To make matters worse, the dataset itself was not obtained legally. While items on the web were placed there by their owners, they were not consulted nor did they consent to have this data used, publicly available, or to have it potentially reproduced en masse. AI must be rebuilt from the ground up if it is to be used at all, with a focus on only using data that was opted into the dataset with full consent. This also thankfully solves the issue of the data being accidentally reproduced, since that will be a known factor going in, making it an easy solution to two of the more persistent problems with the current programs.<br/><br/>There is also the issue of spam. The simple fact of the matter is that AI allows images and complete text to be produced faster than can be hoped to be managed. AI &quot;written&quot; books, which are already against the rules since AI cannot be copyrighted, are everywhere on amazon. Some of them are plainly harmful, such as several inaccurate but innocuous looking books that incorrectly told people how to identify mushrooms that were safe to eat. While those particular books were thankfully removed, it seems obvious that this is something that absolutely will continue at a rate that will not be able to be handled by already struggling website moderation. AI absolutely needs to remain uncopyrightable in order to stem this tide, since it at least provides a strong legal bulwark against a slurry of harmful books and other forms of AI creations.<br/><br/>While the results of AI are impressive, and could show massive potential if properly legislated, I think the examples and reasons given above make it clear as to why oversight is needed, and why the current datasets should be considered a form of theft. Thank you for considering this issue, as it absolutely effects the livelihoods and ownership rights of many artists, writers, and others who have had their work, or even private documents added to the current AI datasets.