The most important thing that the U.S. Copyright Office can do here is realize that machine learning is just that: a machine. Like any machine, without a legible input generated by a human, it cannot output legible results. That it requires input on a previously unknown scale of quantity does not change the quality of the question. In considering any machine learning algorithm as a physical machine, then, it becomes clear that because the input is entirely human-created and owned, and the machine itself is human-created and owned, a human or humans must have ownership of the output. We would not take a work of art, run it through a machine that changes it in some degree, and then say that the machine created the resulting piece; this is clearly a case of modification of a work. In our actual situation, the machine is not different; its complexity is more, and the changes it makes seem intentional, but without the intent of its input (the training set) it cannot create an output. Thus it is necessarily outputting only modified works, however muddled the original authorship of the input.<br/><br/>A human can, on the other hand, create with no input. The argument is made frequently that humans learn from other works all the time, and this is true, but we are capable of synthesizing entirely new thoughts into new works. For example, I have seen plenty of trees in my life. I have seen artwork of them, photographs of them, sculptures of them, and of course, I have seen trees myself. Nowhere in this human training set is a blue-leaved tree with red bark and metallic golden flowers under an alien green sky with multiple moons, yet I could create this image. A machine learning algorithm struggles and most often fails to create things not in its training set. It has data that trees are usually green, unless autumn is specified, but unless specifically given art created by a human author, it cannot render nor discuss a blue tree, and even if given the exact prompt, will almost certainly fail to incorporate the details. It is drawing solely on human-authored knowledge.<br/><br/>As an artist, writer, and enthusiast for the advancement of technology, my recommendation is to not treat current machine learning as anything but a machine that creates mindless modifications. It is not true artificial intelligence, nor is it producing anything truly creative. Copyright ownership over the input must remain copyright ownership over the output. Of course, this does leave permissable use cases: one could use only public domain, or one&#39;s own owned works as a training set. Making a machine learning created piece presentable is still a great deal of time and effort, and it&#39;s difficult to say exactly where that line should be drawn in the case of public domain training sets. It&#39;s easy to speak of doing &#39;a majority&#39; of the work as a guideline, but defining what that means is more than I think I&#39;m personally qualified for. I do however believe that I have standing to speak on the question of ownership of input, as that is where I&#39;m materially affected on the subject, so that is my recommendation: using copyrighted training data without permission from all copyright others should be regarded as infringement. Machine learning has the capability to falsely replicate even intimately personal and difficult to define nuances, such as the timbre of a voice or the quality of a brush stroke, and stands to gravely and materially harm small creators who cannot afford legal teams to defend their copyright.