As a young American who benefits daily from boundary-pushing technology like bluetooth headphones, Google Home, and more, I feel that AI is at worst a parasitic, paltry, plagiarizing mimicry of true human talent and at best an ill-named, mediocre addition to life in the 21st century. I am an English major, someone who draws joy from struggling and succeeding to create stories, essays, and poems in my beautiful native language. I have long aspired to become an author, but the dream I hold so dear is being threatened by &lsquo;artificial intelligence&rsquo; which can&rsquo;t even cite sources properly or come up with any twist or subversive story element on its own, regardless of how good the prompt it works from is. I have experimented with ChatGPT in my free time and in my classroom, under the guidance of my professor, and I have seen nothing worthy of note in the dull, basic responses I got from the world&rsquo;s leading AI. I, like my fellow students, quickly realized that I was a much better writer than ChatGPT was. I also realized something far worse: ChatGPT was able to (poorly and unconvincingly) mimic the style of my favorite living authors, even though they had not been consulted about the inclusion of their work in the AI&rsquo;s training. I am, therefore, increasingly concerned about the morality and legality of ChatGPT&rsquo;s very existence. Its success depends on a large matter of data to feed from and mimic, but no one&rsquo;s work should be added to that data pile without informed consent. I do not oppose the ongoing experiment of AI, but only if its designers limit their algorithms to train on and use data which has been freely and willingly submitted to them. I do not limit my belief in this right to opt in, instead of out, to traditionally published authors, but I extend them to the person posting about their cat on Facebook, the teen complaining about their homework on Discord, the grandmother creating a blog about her journey with crocheting. AI, in theory, is an incredible achievement which gives new possibilities to humanity; in practice, it infringes on our rights, both private and otherwise, and lowers the standards for true creativity while erasing current and future artists from the delicate tapestry supporting our nation and her people. I look forward to a future in which I do not oppose such grand projects as ChatGPT. But for now, because of the way they were created and the real people that they harm, I find that I must.