As a hobbyist creative working with 3D models, my work is likely not to be threatened by the rise and widespread use of Generative Artificial Intelligence for a long, long time. However, many other creatives are not so lucky right now. Multiple up and coming artists, those who use social media platforms to build and maintain an audience to monetize their hard work, are being actively threatened by image/text generation AI models. Their work is being analyzed, recreated, and mimicked by algorithms without their consent, or even their knowledge. There is no sense of creative intent or purpose behind the work of Generative AI, it is theft in it&#39;s current iteration. Artists should not have to worry about their creations, their work, their lives, being pirated by algorithmic software to be hashed into a Frankenstein art piece. To me, it is no different than watching the works of Guillermo Del Toro, and using his movies to edit together lines, scenes, even lighting to be used for a film I want to pass as my own work.<br/><br/>Every artist, whether they be commercially viable or not, deserve the right to own their work in their entirety and have protections associated with that work. The labor, time, and even materials used to create works of artistic expression should be protected at all costs. Generative AI does not have those limitations, it does not need much time to learn, it doesn&#39;t need to buy supplies or hone it&#39;s craft over years. It reads within days, It observes without second thought, and it mocks without purpose. And most egregious of all, there is no compensation for the hard work that the creatives that were used for the Generative AI learning models. And to top it all off, the threat to compensation for artistic talent has reached even job security in casual conversation. From what I, and my close friends anecdotally witness, local companies are either considering, or are actively no longer hiring Logo Designers, in favor of Generative AI models as they are &quot;good enough to look at for a few seconds&quot;, and are &quot;considerably cheaper than hiring some guy (or lady) with an Art Degree&quot;.<br/><br/>These points are why I think Generative AI needs to be regulated even more, or offer artists some form of protections. Artists are already vulnerable enough as it is, they should not have to worry about their paintings, music, voices, or stories being stolen by an algorithmic learning software. Generative AI developers owe it to the creatives that use their work as the source of their generative products, to at the very least, compensate artists for their inclusion. Or even ask for consent to use their creations in data sets. But as a creative myself, I would prefer both of these outcomes somehow being a possibility. But as it stands now, artists need to be protected in some way, shape, or form from the ever reaching, ever growing, and infinitely efficient beast that is Generative AI.<br/><br/>-Thank you kindly for reading