So-called Artificial Intelligence is a misnomer. Programs like ChatGPT and DALL E-2 are algorithms, advanced software programs that spit out mathematical results in response to queries. The difficulty I have with allowing the results to be copyrighted has to do with how the programs are &#39;trained&#39; to mimic the styles of human creatives - be they writers, musicians, or visual artists. I am not aware of any mimic-algorithms that have NOT been trained using already protected images, writing, or what have you. Obtaining the incredible volume of data needed to make these programs useful has only been possible by &#39;scraping&#39; data from the Internet, without the permission of the actual creators of the images and writings scraped. That is theft. By using stolen sources to make new products that could be mistaken for those made by actual humans, it compounds the theft into forgery.<br/>There&#39;s a pair of issues here that stand out to me as a person who enjoys art and writing, but who is not an artist or professional writer. Firstly, is it morally acceptable to allow the owners of these programs to be given exclusive commercial use of what is essentially a forgery, a stolen product? I have self-published a small number of written pieces, and were I to discover someone was selling a product purported to be in my &#39;style&#39; because Chat GPT had trained on those pieces without asking my permission to use them, I would consider those companies having stolen my intellectual efforts and property. These program owners did nothing to hone the skills that gives them an image or prose to submit for copyright. They absolutely should have copyright on their code and algorithm; but the output is, in my opinion, irreparably tainted by the stolen art that trained them and constitute a form of plagiarism. Companies have jumped on the bandwagon to use AI-generated content, and because I do not morally agree with the sourcing of it, I have stopped supporting those companies, just as I would if I discovered a company was abusing its office employees. The outputs should not be legitimized with a government stamp of approval like copyright.  <br/> Secondly, who owns the answer to a math problem? If I type into Excel to tell me what 2 + 2 is, it will tell me 4. Does that mean Microsoft owns that answer? The outputs of these programs are hugely scaled-up versions of that question; if more than one person were to craft the same algorithm and train it on identical images or prose, there&#39;s a strong probability that the two programs would produce incredibly similar outputs. Whereas if I were to ask two human artists to produce something based on a request, each of their products would be distinct, because they are different artists. So, should a company or person who writes a cool math problem get to own all the answers it generates? Where is the intellect that generated this intellectual property ; I would argue it&#39;s in the artists and writers whose works were stolen.<br/>Lastly, there is the question of what kind of society we would build by copyrighting, and hence legitimizing, images and prose generated by computer programs so they can be monetized. There is a comic going around that says &quot;Computer programmers in the 60&#39;s: we will create machines to do the meaningless labor so people can focus on creating art,&quot; and then a second panel: &quot;Programmers today: we have created programs to make art so you can get on with your meaningless labor.&quot; Why would we want to encourage a future like that? Where humans are just units of dreary labor and any chance at having a job as a creative is impossible because an algorithm can produce 100 images or pages of copy at the stroke of a button? If it were possible to ensure that all the artists who were scraped to train an algorithm would be compensated by the use of the output, perhaps it could be moral to allow copyrights on the output. But otherwise, you&#39;re just rewarding thieves. 