My stance is that AI generated text should be copyrightable if it is sufficiently changed from the AI generated content. As a writer, what I don&#39;t want to see is entirely AI generated text content becoming copyrightable, as this will lead to flooding of low-quality, low-effort content that consumers will have to swim through on ebook marketplaces and elsewhere on the web. It will also lead to job losses of writers in the industry when companies ditch their writers in favor of using AI generated content. However I also believe that to disallow copyright on all AI generated work would be an impediment to human progress. AI has the potential to vastly improve productivity and creativity. I believe that requiring AI generated text to be modified (say by 30% or so) in order to be copyrightable is a fair compromise. Companies will enjoy greater productivity from their writers, writers will be able to make use of the technology in order to make their jobs easier, and job losses will be minimized.<br/><br/>I personally view AI generated art a little bit differently than AI generated text because I am a writer and not an artist. As someone who had creative visions but no artistic talent, I have spent hundreds of hours with AI art generators. Getting exactly what I want from an AI art generator is difficult, often requiring hundreds of iterations of prompts, and piecing together different aspects of different generations inside of photo editing software. The resulting image is technically entirely AI generated, but didn&#39;t arise from a single AI generated image but rather is a myriad of generated images stitched together to create something new. The combination of prompt creativity and the immense effort put in to assemble the generations into a single new art piece is something I feel should be copyrightable. Simply saying that only non-AI generated parts of the image are copyrightable would not cover cases like this where immense effort has been put in to create something new, since all the individual parts were also AI generated but have been put together in such a way that makes it a new work of art. I believe allowing these type of works to be copyrightable would have minimal impact on artists&#39; jobs since an artist is still required to stitch all the pieces together. I think that requiring the final work to be 30% or so modified from any single AI generated image should be sufficient for being copyrightable, even if it is a collection of AI generated images. <br/><br/>I believe that AI models should be required to compensate the artists when their work is drawn from by the model, and that they should be opt-in so the artist must give permission to the AI models to use their work as training data. This will encourage the continued work of artists. Without this, artists will be unable to compete with models who are profiting from their work. Artists will become afraid to post their work online and this will make it harder for them to find work. Art as a profession will become even less economically viable and many will enter other industries. As a result, artistic progress will slow and new art styles will not be developed. AI will produce more of the same type of art it was trained on but won&#39;t produce new art styles. Society as a whole could suffer. Why should an artist develop a new art style, only to have AI take it and profit from it, forcing the artist to compete? This is what copyright was designed to protect against in the first place. However if the artist is compensated, then all these problems will not exist and artists can continue to have a place in our society, developing new and interesting styles for people everywhere to enjoy.<br/><br/>In short, I believe AI generated content should be copyrightable if it is sufficiently different from any one AI generated source, and that artists should be compensated whenever their work is drawn from. <br/><br/>