there are several important issues with the current field of ai and conversations about its use. the two i am most interested in are the right to a person&#39;s identity, and how exactly infringing work is determined to be infringing.<br/><br/>the first of these is very straightforward. ai need reasonably large datasets to train from to become convincing, and for voices that means specifically voice actors (and then politicians) with large amounts of public or easily availible recordings were the first to be imitated. there are youtube channels narrated by david attenborough, the voice of many documentary series, now. this isnt a simple matter of copyright, since even if the works were not commercial, they would still have his voice. you could achieve something similar by splicing recorded words together individually, but even without ai the more work done to hide that it was spliced the more it veers into impersonation. however, the fact that an ai voice is infinitely replicable makes it much more harmful to the one being impersonated than a clever audio splice or a trained vocal imitator. you could simply ask someone to stop, or resort to the legal system, if it was only a single person making recordings that purported to have your voice. there is no such recourse when every computer in the world can access a competent imitator of you. for this reason, i ask that ai imitation of specific people be judged more harshly than human imitators (who would have to cause some specific damage to be considered out of line, not simply demonstrate the ability to imitate.) there is also the more recent example of movie studios requesting actors to turn over detailed scans of themselves for perpetual use as an ai generated version of their character, or even to create new characters from their likeness as a condition of working on a film. i cant argue against someone&#39;s right to create an ai duplicate of themself, but i think thebright to use that duplicate should remain with the original person, and it should require a new contract for each time the duplicate is deployed on a project, exactly as if the actor had joined that project themself. it should not be possible to lose the perpetual rights to generate convincing examples of your own image for any price, it should always be lent by the human to the project that borrows it.<br/><br/>the other problem i wanted to speak about does not directly come from ai, but has sprung up in conversations around it. it is the stated intention of large companies like adobe to make &quot;styles&quot; copyrightable ostensibly as a protection against ai. this will certainly be one of the methods you consider, but i would caution against generalizing it to human art. like the above issue of identity, imitation of an art style is not a special risk when a single person does it. it would not matter if they merely demonstrated proficiency in a style or the capability to generate infringing works. they would have to actually misuse their mastery of the style in some way, such as by claiming to be an official source of the original works or manufacturing counterfeits before there would be an issue, and that issue can be resolved through existing laws. it is *only* the mass production of a style by image generators (ai) that i believe should be considered for new rules, for the same reason that infinite imitation of identity poses a greater harm than individual impersonators can represent.<br/><br/>i do not want additional restrictions implemented that would prohibit elvis impersonators, fan works set in the same canon as a commercial property, cover bands, or any other use of copyrighted material by people not making use of ai. i especially do not want ai to be tasked with determining whether a work includes infringing content or style. automated copyright strike bots run by wealthy copyright holders are already a menace to anyone not able to enter legal proceedings to contest those copyright claims (on youtube or twitch for example, where they are ostensibly to prevent direct re-uploads of copyrighted work but in practice are an attempt to prohibit use in any form), and i would hate to see the legal proceedings themselves adopt the same standard of &quot;if the computer says its similar, its definitely also infringing&quot;, especially for something as nebulous as style