For centuries human beings have taken inputs of various sources, from written text to spoken word story telling to create new outputs that influence humanity. All of human creation has been influenced by a number of inputs that impact the eventual output. This form of communication is how parents raise their children,Nations become friends and how society progresses over time. From film and history to math and science, all of it has an influence from an original given input that helps to influence the answers we as humans seek next. AGI, and more specifically language learning models utilize this same process of taking inputs of various sources and outputting a unique answer  based on a given dilemma or goal. It forms new creations based on the human creations of our past and present. Although we have found a way to mimic the process of human thought and creation, there should always be a human involved in the creation process and that human should receive credit for their work.  That means a human&rsquo;s work should be given credit for use in any given generative model. If a human&rsquo;s work in any profession is being utilized to train a model, that human should be compensated fairly. If this language learning model is used for future creative pursuits that garner profit, then the humans responsible for the model inputs that populate the full dataset should be compensated. If inputs within the model&rsquo;s dataset fall within in public domain, the dynamic of compensation does not apply to the creator of the input. If no established agreements were made prior to developing a language learning model and the inputs that populate its dataset are not within the public domain, then the profit earned from creations made with the language learning model should be paid in full and split between all the creators of original work utilized within the inputted dataset. The profits should be split by the percentage of work that populates the inputted dataset so that if an human&rsquo;s work populates 10 percent of a language learning models input dataset than the human will compensated 10 percent of all profits generated from what the language learning model outputs and profits from. Language Learning Models should also make available a bibliography of inputs that give credit and reference to the creators and/or the work used. AI and language learning models can and should be used to help elevate unique human work, but the measurement of variation must also be present. A compilation of more than 50 LLM outputs to be used as one creative piece can and should be viewed as original if there is clear proof of variation throughout the creative process. Original work using ai should be considered legitimate  when the variation of design and level of human work is measurably reasonable. A language learning model that does have a high variation of inputs cannot be considered original work unless the compiler of the data is signed off by the original artist or is the original creator of the model&rsquo;s dataset inputs. No person&rsquo;s likeness should be used in perpetuity using artificial generative intelligence without their clear verbal and written consent in addition to an agreed upon residual rate for each use of their likeness. No person&rsquo;s likeness should be used in any respect without the consent of said person. Artificial Intelligence is a beautifully exciting technology that will usher in new forms of creation that we cannot fully forecast. At the same time, advancements in technology should not arrive at the expense of becoming a less efficient society. Human creation drives respect inspiration and growth from the greater public, at the end of the day language learning models and artificial generative intelligence are human creations but ignoring the new steps that take place within this creative process as it applies to more and more human industry is a dire mistake. Guidelines that protect creative professions and allow these professions to progress with emerging technology that continue to develop today will help curb the potential of swinging our societal pendulum too far in one direction. Removing employees from an industry creates irreparable damage that cascades into future societal faults. AI should be a reason to devalue human work it should create a higher value in human work. Creating guidelines that set the precedent of how future language learning models are developed solidify the value of human labor and how it relates to AGI and the creations that come from it. 