AI has the potential to revolutionize many aspects of how we work and potentially improve productivity; however, it is actively learning from and generating content based on the creative work across all spectrums of human ingenuity. In the sweeping majority of cases, this is done without the consent, permission, or awareness of contributors. Some platforms have even gone so far as allowing individuals to &ldquo;opt out&rdquo; rather than collect affirmative consent, if anything at all.<br/>There are many factors to consider in how to effectively regulate the growth of this new technology and I won&rsquo;t pretend to create a comprehensive list of them all. Still, some guiding principles should inform the ultimate outcome as we are all effectively stakeholders.<br/>First, consider the current requirements of utilizing the work of others, including fair use, the creation of derivative work, and protections around original content whether copywritten or not. Proponents of AI often take a very broad sweeping view of fair use that is not at all consistent with the norm. Fair use has reasonable limitations which are meant to protect the rights of creators and, even setting aside permission and ownership concerns, very few of them allow for no attribution whatsoever. Even students are required to cite any sources they use in writing and academic work, yet it&rsquo;s argued AI that&rsquo;s trained on massive data sets cannot do the same. Preferably, any AI-generated content would be required to provide citation to even begin to approach meaningful regulation, but there should be at the very least a means of viewing and searching existing data sets to allow creators the opportunity to withdraw their work and, if necessary, enforce their rights. Ethical AI cannot exist without proper attribution of source material.<br/>Second, there must be some kind of acknowledgement that AI work by its very nature is derivative and, without the human element of personhood, cannot on its own be considered original with enforceable copyright without significant and meaningful human contribution that can differentiate the finished work from generated content. Even so, the use of AI in the finished work necessitates public acknowledgement of its inclusion, attribution for source material, and proper respect for the creative contributions of writers, editors, and artists who have a hand in the finished product.<br/>Ultimately, AI has incredible potential to assist creative endeavors, but will never in its own right be an adequate substitute for human creativity.