As a freelance artist, I feel strongly that AI-generated art violates the fair use law of copyright. The goal of a lot of the people marketing and using AI-generation is not to create new works, but to circumnavigate the need to hire an artist, to the extent of simply asking the AI to generate pieces &quot;in the style of&quot; existing, working artists or works of art that are not in the public domain. In order to create these works, the AI has been fed previous works by the artist in question. The AI is not a thinking being. It doesn&#39;t make a conscious choice about creating a stylistic pastiche. It simply recycles elements from the data it has been fed. This does not seem sufficiently transformative to count as a transformative work, which, according to fair use &quot;Transformative uses are those that add something new, with a further purpose or different character, and do not substitute for the original use of the work.&quot; Yes, one might claim that such pieces are &quot;visual/literary remixes&quot; but a remix involves an element of &quot;dialogue&quot; with the original piece whereas ai-generated work is not making a commentary or riffing off of the original so much as attempting to pass itself off as another work by the original artist. Thus, its nature is more that of forgery. In terms of the nature of the work, and the amount used. AI-generated work takes all of a pre-existing creator&#39;s work and essentially passes it through a blender to create these machine-made forgeries. And, of course, most importantly in the economic side of this issue, these AI-generated works seek to replace and devalue the labor of artists and writers, and devalue their creativity as well. Not just writers and artists in general, but specific artists and writers currently living. Why pay for a real Steven King novel when you can just get an AI to write dozens of them for cheap? Why pay for a new Disney merchandise when you can ask an AI to design you new patterns and images with your favorite characters doing whatever you like printed on whatever items you want? Why pay any of the thousands of creative minds who could contribute to America&#39;s culture when you can get a machine to generate an endless remix of popular works? Why give those creative minds any chance to thrive and grow when we could choke them out with easier, cheaper options that look superficially slick but, by definition and design, have nothing new to say?