I understand that while AI can be a tool to provide support, it should not be able to hold copyright over any material or content it generates. In actual practice, the material it generates is an amalgamation of work pulled from a bank of content provided by actual people and I don&#39;t believe it&#39;s at a point where it can 100% generate new and original content. in the capitalist environment we currently live in, profits are often given more importance than the people that generate and maintain the labor that bears the fruit to provide such profits. as such, companies will make decisions to bolster its profits by taking advantage of its laborers and not giving them an equal share. Adapting AI as a main tool that could possibly claim copyright would be a step for those companies toward total automation; causing them to believe they need to eliminate the need for the actual people to minimize cost. if you can get a computer to do the &#39;same thing&#39;, why would you pay a person to do it? In reality,  this is not feasible, especially in regard to creative work like illustrations, script writing, and also video. there have been videos online of celebrities that at first glance make you believe you are watching the real person on screen, but it is an AI generated copy of the real person known as a &#39;deep fake&#39;. a recent example is when an account claiming to be the actor Keanu Reeves blew up on the social media platform TikTok and millions of people thought they were watching this person make relatable silly dancing videos. there was no actual clarification on the page that it was not the real person, which is deceptive at best and manipulative at worst. what is to stop someone from making AI copies of all actors and making a full fledged feature film without any actual people, just to generate pure profit? this is part of the reason why the WGA and SAG unions are currently striking. AI is a threat to their livelihoods, delegitimizes their work, and mocks their learned skills and talent. Giving AI access to copyright gives profit seeking companies an excuse to hurt actual people. as a citizen that greatly enjoys the results of passionate creative materials, and as a creative myself, I implore you to heavily consider the possible displacement granting copyright access to AI could generate. Please put people first. 