I began using Generative AI tools in my publishing of books on my Elizabeth Ann West name in December 2021. The three books I published, A Test of Fire, Happy Was the Day, and For the Love of a Bennet, provided a superior reading experience to my readers as it allowed me to finish writing projects on time, despite suffering from autoimmune issues since high school. Writing with AI means I never have a day without words written. Prior to AI, I used adaptive technology like dictation which also uses similar algorithm models of natural language processing to transcribe. I&#39;ve used dictation on over 20 titles since 2014. As an artist, small business woman, and long-time creative, Generative AI is a tool that has leveled the playing field for many. It requires a human&#39;s input (prompting, which is a skill) and final validation so there is no harm to others. Some of my prompts are 2,000+ words long and my creation, my logic, my story direction. In December 2022, I began teaching other authors how to use AI in their writing, including a stint with Sudowrite, and now with my own school, the Future Fiction Academy. With over 170 students, 2,000 followers on Youtube, and a Facebook Group of over 5,000+ there are many artists who are using generative AI in their writing process. Most will not publicly comment because of backlash. I have received 1-star reviews on my books and death threats/suggestions that I kill myself on social media when I went public about AI use.  <br/><br/>I agree that copyright should remain with the human, and arrangement of AI text should be copyrightable as a derivative work. I do not agree that use of Generative AI should keep a human from claiming copyright over the total work, as AI cannot create, complete, edit, validate, publish, and market a work. Such interdisciplinary work requires a human or multiple processes/programs again, overseen by humans. It would be a mistake to bar copyright to a human who works with Generative AI in their creative process and effectively hand over our ability to make a living in the future creative economy. By requiring a human to take responsibility for a work with Generative AI in it through copyright, you force accountability for misinformation, consequences for misuse, and preserve a path for humans to be compensated for the work they do with the technology. Those who file a copyright, or claim a copyright, is a start in the right direction to keep Generative AI use in the hands of good actors. We can never stop the bad actors, the scammers, or those who would misuse... but a good way to positively promote ethical use of AI is to allow humans to stand up and claim ownership of the final work and stand by the work&#39;s value. Without a human attached to a work that includes Generative AI certifying that the information or content therein is the work of Jane Doe, the general public can become wary of content that does not have a bonafide human standing beside it, credited as creator. This will help begin a culture of skepticism against misinformation and misuse, as with or without a copyright, people will abuse AI. Granting copyright to those stepping up to take responsibility is a step in the right direction.