I am an artist from Denmark, who found 25 pieces of my artwork in the LAION5B dataset (through the site haveibeentrained.com), and I wouldn&#39;t be surprised if more was present. This means that at least 25 pieces of my work were used to train machines that are now being used to make me and my peers redundant by spitting out butchered copies of our collective work. I was never asked, warned or compensated for the pieces of mine that went into this, and I know no one else was either. Searching for my pieces within the LAION dataset, I saw pictures of people, real people, children, logos, advertisements. No one were safe when data was scraped, and images were stolen indiscriminately from all over the internet, and we will now have our likeness and our efforts available for others to profit off of unless something is done against the datasets of stolen work.<br/>The protection against this theft was supposed to already be in place too. I&#39;ve read and reread copyright law in the past few months to try and figure out how my work wasn&#39;t already protected. The supporters and creators of this tech like to claim fair use of our work, but it is not fair use as it is actively causing a negative impact to our market and livelihood, and the tech would not be able to replicate us if it wasn&#39;t trained to copy our work. Meanwhile the datasets may be open source, but the copyrighted works that make up these datasets are being used for profit, and the ones who scraped our work off the internet and our privately owned websites were not the ones who could legally authorize this use. <br/>We, the original creators, have been harassed, targeted, impersonated and we are losing our income as a result of this tech. Many people have been fired while company entities release artwork made in ex. MidJourney instead of by a real, human artist.<br/>Personally I&#39;ve taken down all my work to prevent further theft. I am a small artist, who hasn&#39;t yet been able to earn a significant income through my art, but I create for fun and to express myself and portray my experiences, and the thought that at least 25 of my pieces were used in the creation of tech that people are now using for profit and to replace me has me disheartened and appalled.