I&rsquo;m fine if people want to use AI as inspiration or as reference but I am not okay with people who want to use AI art as profit. Many would argue that AI art is a step forward and sure it&rsquo;s a step forward&mdash;just in the wrong direction. AI and machines were created so that humans could stop worrying about work and focus more on art, poetry, stories, etc. But because there are companies that exist who just want to pump out as much content as they can, we lose sight of why innovation and AI was created in the first place. I think AI could be a wonderful tool, but that&rsquo;s ALL it needs to stay as. A tool. It cannot be a medium. It must not be a medium. There are going to be more and more people out of a job if this goes through, which only creates more homeless people and starving artists for the government to worry about. Especially with inflation, artists are going to struggle a lot more. So to have them out of jobs and useless just gives the country more problems, versus banning the commercial use of AI and creating MORE jobs for artists to fill. Some may argue, &ldquo;But not everyone can draw, not everyone has the time and the skills to create,&rdquo; Well then why don&rsquo;t we focus on putting AI in situations where these people CAN have the time to develop their skills and create. Everyone can be an artist! They just have to WORK for it. An AI is NOT working for it. There is no human heart in AI. There is no story, there is no love. It&rsquo;s all automated. This causes art to lose its meaning. Art is an expression of oneself. Some AI &ldquo;artists&rdquo; will argue that they can find ways to express themselves with AI art; but it doesn&rsquo;t matter because AI art is still made entirely by a computer. The only thing the &ldquo;artist&rdquo; did was watch as it made. Think of  a zookeeper giving an elephant a brush and a canvas to paint. Then tells the elephant to paint and so it does. Then the zookeeper takes the elephants drawing and starts claiming it as their own. But did they actually create that? No, the elephant did. Sure the zookeeper gave the elephant the brush and the canvas but they didn&rsquo;t actively PAINT that canvas. The elephant did. And that&rsquo;s what AI art is like. Giving a computer resources to work with, and then profiting off of that work. It&rsquo;s exploitive at best. Not just from computers but from other artists too, since these ai programs STEAL the artwork from other artists to create what they create. So, in conclusion, AI art is exploitative and illegal. The fact that it steals artists works and then threatens their jobs is bad enough, but compiled with the people who profit off of these regurgitated artworks adds insult to injury. AI art desperately needs laws around it to protect the artists that helped build it up in the first place. Humanity has always created art. Humanity loves art. And when someone loves something they make time for that something. Let&rsquo;s use AI to give people more time to work and develop their art skills rather than doing all the work for them. Let&rsquo;s use AI to create more jobs for artists everywhere. Let&rsquo;s let the people who really care about their art share it without the fear of their experience and skills being unfairly replaced by a thief.