i am an artist living in washington state, and have worked as an artist in the game industry for many years. My work has been featured on such products as league of legends, fortnite, and more.  I am commenting today to advocate that the use of ai generated art be heavily regulated, in the hopes that by enshrining in law that the media created by an ai cannot be copyrighted.  I fear that such an extreme measure, short of banning it is required to ensure a healthy economy and the protections for artists and creators of every stripe.  Visual artists, actors, musicians are all under threat as shady individuals and opportunist companies move to train their ai on their existing works, making things using a mishmash of existing, often allready copyrighted work.  The people training these ai, developing them, and owning them would have you believe that this is not theft, but the fact remains that they took work they did not own, that someone else owned, and illegally used that work to build a product that they want to capitalize on.  Further, i want to highlight a criticism of the idea that this can ever be ethically trained.  Some would have you believe that a company who hires artists as workers may want to develop an ai to improve the speed and output of production while reducing cost, the primary criticism popularized so far has been that the ai tools available use stolen data.  Its a fine argument and true, but im the event that we do not enshrine in law a guarentee these cannot be copyrighted, or further outright banned, we will run up against another serious issue- that companies would then train ai as a mandatory part of a workers contract on the work made during their time of employment.  They would say this is ethical, as the company owns the art outright during your time of employment and if you are the copyright owner then what you do with that work is up to you.   This poses a serious threat to the economy and job security of the entire industry and a decent chunk of the american population.  If you spend the time needed to get the skills to even become employed, having gone into debt at school, develloped knowledge of sldofferent styles and your own voice to stand out, and find yourself employed- in a number of months or years you then may find yourself permanently out of a job, your unique voice and style having been reduced to a mostly automated product.  The number of jobs on the industry would sharply decline, but so too would creative input, the quality of products, and job protections for these workers.  In a system of secere economic inequality that has grown in my life and continues to grow, i ask respectfully that we take measures now to stop it.  <br/><br/>Please enshrine in law that AI generated work cannot be protected by copyright, please consider that even its supposedly ethical regulation, while it might prevent the more immediate problem of widespread theft, would create an even deeper economic and cultural impact we may not recover from.<br/><br/>Thank you for your time.