In my view Ai generated images and text do not have copyright. I believe this because of the method used for sampling and generating the content.<br/>In terms of ai generated images the method used by companies such as Open AI, who created the Dall-e program, is essentially a piracy machine. The companies did not take a controlled sample of images for which they had permission, the rights to or consent. Instead they scraped every image they could from the internet and created their sample database using them. The companies have then refused to regulate user generated content, beyond limiting generation of pornographic images, and instead allowed any user to input generation conditions including artist names whereby the program generates an image which could be passed off as an actual piece by said artist. A far more worrying thing people can generate is propaganda and fake photographs. There are already plenty of examples of these fake photos being presented as if they were real to sway public opinion on matters and the only way people could identify them as fake was errors in the generation. These errors are rapidly being resolved.<br/>For ai generated text we are already seeing the problems being created by it with the ongoing writers strike as studios try to cut jobs and underpay staff instead of changing their business model. We have also seen search engines rapidly declining in useful, informative results as AI generated articles fill the top search results, often giving incorrect information and obfuscating the correct information. These low quality  ai generated articles are so easy to generate that hundreds of writers who worked creating high quality, informative articles (which the AI learning program has copied poorly) have lost their jobs, or are struggling to find work that pays enough to live.<br/>In short, AI generated content exists entirely on the back of the effort of people who see no benefits from their existence. There should be no copyright given to this content so that people abd companies are not incentivised to use them over actual human beings. <br/>I will also propose, even though it is likely outside the scope of this office and ruling, that the AI learning software be forced to mark itself as such in a visible way, such as a watermark near the centre of the image such that it cannot be cropped off.