Question 2: As a writer, increasing distribution of AI works decimates my industry by overloading publication submissions with far more content than staff can process. New writers already have a difficult time being accepted as a submission; it will be impossible to find them in the flood of submissions. There have already been statements from literary magazines saying they&#39;re overwhelmed and disheartened by the amount of AI-generated works being submitted. As a scientist, the increasing distribution of information has caused rampant misinformation to spread throughout my sector. AI cannot determine what is true and what is false. They regurgitate the information they are trained on, and that information can be wrong. Yet because it comes from a bot, people assume it must be correct and propagate it as correct information. This is detrimental to the public&#39;s understanding of science.<br/>Question 6: Current AI technologies use works both in the public domain and copyrighted works. I have never seen an instance of AI trainers asking artists for permission to use their copyrighted works in their datasets. Instead, there has been an outpour of artists asking for their works to not be used, only to be disregarded by trainers and have their works stolen anyway.<br/>Question 25: The developer of the generative AI model and the developer of the system incorporating that model should be held liable. End users should be held secondarily liable.<br/>Question 28: The law should require AI-generated material to be publicly labeled as AI-generated, much like how irradiated foods are legally required to be labeled as irradiated. <br/>Question 30: The likeness of a person belongs to that person and solely that person. Works containing the AI-generated likeness of a person should not be copyrightable under any circumstances. AI should not receive any legal rights. People have the rights to their likeness, including vocal likeness.<br/>Question 32: There should be protections against AI systems for human creators.<br/>34: There is already legal precedent for AI-generated works not being copyrightable. Thaler v. Perlmutter asserts that works that are generated using AI cannot be copyrighted.