I am deeply concerned by the sudden push towards AI in all spheres of art (painting, photography, music, acting, so many more) here in the US. Copyright law should, above all else, protect both the ideas and the work of real people. AI-generated &quot;art&quot; alone should not ever be copyright-able, as it is not created by a human and clearly derived from other sources which already belong to their original creators.  A significant amount of the &quot;art&quot; generated by AI would need to be altered before the person who does that work should be at all eligible for copyright.<br/>The most concerning part about this process is that it is impossible to credit all artists whose work goes towards generating a single AI image, and those artists currently have little to no control about their art training such systems. Because the AI is making the ultimate decisions about what to include or not include in each product, which artists and pieces to draw from to create its own amalgamation, it would be nearly impossible to tease apart every artist involved. People who use AI to generate &ldquo;art&rdquo; can influence this some through their prompts, but do not have full control. Even a well-meaning AI &ldquo;artist&rdquo; cannot determine the full extent of the ways in which the work they generate has used styles, subjects, etc from other artists or who all those artists would be. If they don&rsquo;t know who to credit for the work they create, that leaves it entirely to the original artists to be constantly on the lookout for AI that uses their art without permission or art that borrows their style. Even then, they could never truly know how much art existed out there that was in some way based on their own copyrighted materials, because so much of what happens to generate the AI work happens in a black box of sorts. This is completely unfeasible and flies in the face of everything US copyright laws purports to protect. <br/>If strict standards are not set for how much human change (after the AI &ldquo;art&rdquo; has been created) all US copyright law might as well be thrown out. Furthermore, if AI-generated &ldquo;art&rdquo; is allowed to be copyrighted after &ldquo;artist&rdquo; changes, there should be significant alterations from what the computer spits out based on the prompt and what the finished product looks like before copyright should even become a possibility. Honestly, the ideal would really be that any AI use would automatically disqualify a piece of art for copyright.  As AI advances, it will only become harder to distinguish between art made by real people and computer-generated works, and refusing the grant copyright for such &ldquo;art&rdquo; and revoking copyright for any works that have been granted copyright already is perhaps the best way to protect the intellectual property of humans.  <br/>It is rather transparent that the push for AI is a ploy by companies to reduce costs by limiting or completely eliminating the need to hire actual artists. These companies will push as hard as they can to make things as cheaply as possible in order to maximize their own profits (that is how our economy works) unless there are iron-clad legal protections for the artists that are powering these AI tools. Art has long been a reflection of a society and is created with intention by artists. It can be good or bad depending on the opinion of the person consuming it, but either way it is a direct line from one person to another, a connection that can span years and miles and languages. AI is a tool, not an artist, and tools do not need protection by copyright law. Artists, real people, need their work protected. Never before has there existed a tool whose worth lies in stealing art from actual artists, and so copyright law must be clarified to emphasize the human element necessary to make copyright-able art.<br/>