Some thoughts on copyright as related to AI generated works. These generally conform with existing policy, but the office should develop more detailed guidance for the borders between protected and unprotected works or uses of works.<br/>1) limitations on applicability of copyright for AI learning inputs. Current AI generative algorithms don&#39;t copy expressions of ideas from their input sets, so much as analyze them and derive data structures from that allow plausible expressions to be constructed. This doesn&#39;t leave room for copyright protection against the use of works in AI learning sets. The current standard seems reasonable for the current generation of algorithms, and could create greater copyright protection for works used in learning sets if the algorithms change to use the data in ways that make greater use of protected expression.<br/>2) limitations on copyright of AI generated works. Assuming no editorial or creative changes from a human creator to select, correct or adjust an AI-generated work, a ban on the copyright of AI-generated work makes sense for the current generation of AI tools. But if there is human modification with the works of AI, a threshold needs to be established where the work, or elements of the work are subject to copyright protection. A possible analogy would be to an anthology of stories that are in the public domain, where an editor can gain copyright protection for the anthology by making contributions that are sufficiently transformative or additive to the original works. The underlying works remain unprotected. <br/>3) Looking to the future. A couple of key points that could trigger further changes to copyright for AI-generated works: a) changes to the class of algorithms used could require re-evaluation of the protections afforded to the input data sets used for learning. b) A moonshot scenario where AI develops sentience would trigger a general debate about the civil rights of AI entities. Copyright must be part of that discussion. Given that legal entities such as corporations can hold copyright, the threshold for granting copyright privileges to AI could be lower than for other rights such as the right to vote.