1. I don’t think that ai works modified by a person should have the right to copyright.
This kills the very idea of ​​creativity and forces people to correct the work of machines. It will be cheap and soulless labor.
2. This creates a huge number of problems for me. For example, now ai works are posted on websites for artists.
The entire home page will be filled with them.
We can't compete with this spam.No one will see your work especially if you are a beginner artist.
3.
https://restofworld.org/2023/ai-image-china-video-game-layoffs/
Xu’s studio produces designs for major game developers in China. Five of the studio’s 15 illustrators
 who specialize in character design were laid off this year, and Xu believes the adoption of AI image generators was partly to blame. 
“Two people could potentially do the work that used to be done by 10,” she said. 
4. China and Japan have the worst regulations. Because of this, on the main Chinese site for artists, pixiv, there is a huge amoun
of generated
child porn but not drawings.
https://www.techtimes.com/articles/293115/20230628/pedophiles-exploit-ai-tools-produce-child-sex-abuse-images.htm
5. Current legislation does not protect either me or my property on the Internet. Many of advertisements that i see are now in AI images,
which is false advertisement. I think the use of ai to advertise products should be banned. Train ai on the faces of people who
did not give consent should be prohibited and existing training data erased. The same applies to the works of artists. 
Our labor and our styles are used against us and to the evil of scams or child porn(deep fakes).
6. the Laion-5B and Laion-400M image datasets. These are currently the largest public text-to-image datsets, and they are used to train
models like Stable Diffusion, Imagen, among many others.
6.1 for example ChatGPT's New Web Crawler. He just surfs the Internet and steals any available information. They themselves confirmed this.
It takes any content on the network without any consequences.
6.2 I don’t know such examples
6.3 Everywhere. No one gave consent to the data training; all their data was obtained illegally.
There are no confirmed cases of consensual training yet
7. there are many videos of analyzes of people who actually manually checked and tested their training
For example. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MUEXGaxFDA
7.1 all the data that was able to be saved and loaded without any problems
7.2 I don't know
7.3 can't. they save data.
7.4 many people have found fakes of their works. And if you write a request for a mouse in red shorts in the AI, it will 
show you Mickey Mouse. If you write the artist's nickname, it will generate an exact copy of the style.
because it steals data and does not do something on its own. If it doesn't steal data then why when requesting Deadpool?
there will be a Marvel character design.
8. I don’t see any circumstances under which it would be fair use if it copies and reproduces someone else’s work.
This is not a person. If I turn on a Hannah Montana song and u will ask me to sing the same, it’s unlikely that it will turn out well.
If you feed it to ai there will be a perfect copy. This program is not intended to be fair use.
8.1 The purpose and nature of the current AI is the monetization of stolen data and completely unfair competition for people.
8.2 They are also to blame for this situation; they are well aware of what they were doing.
8.3 If these programs are not available to the public and are not used for profit. But these are the loopholes which now are
used by AI companies. For research, fair use is fine, but we need to make sure these loopholes are not used by other groups of people
8.4 The more data, the more successful their model. but that's not fair use. A lot of theft is still theft.
8.5 Yes, we must control that machines do not compete with the human market.
9. YES. This is our work, this is our data; it cannot be used without our consent to compete with us.
9.1 YES. otherwise we will not be able to control what our work and our name are used for.
9.2 any automation of protection and control will be useful.
9.3 There are currently no technical or practical obstacles.
9.4 Existing legal remedies for violations are not effective.
9.5 Yes, the terms of the contract must state the conditions for using the work and the person must have the opportunity to refuse.
10. With the contract document.
10.1 I don't know
10.2 This is not a desirable approach to me. There is no need to exclude anyone from antitrust laws.
10.3 I don't know.
10.4 no
10.5 yes
11. responsibility lies with the company providing the service
12. Yes, it is possible if the data and algorithm are disclosed.
13. An increase in the number of requests for software licensing and technical and legal specialists.
Increasing jobs and protecting the creative field.
14. -
15.Yes they should.
15.1 author. date of receiving. date of use. use for what
15.2 primarily to the court and copyright owners upon request. And it must be
the maximum time for processing a request is indicated and it must be realistic
15.3 full obligations
15.4 -
16. Statistics on how and when should be provided. And copyright holders must be notified.
17. of course. personal information law. Moral rights. Private property. Right to privacy/ Privacy laws. Financial Services Modernization Act
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act.
California Consumer Privacy Act. Virginia's Consumer Data Protection Act
18. no, the person using the system should not have copyrights because he is not the author.
19. Yes, we need clarification about authorship from a person. because this is unlikely to be the last time.
20. No, this will lead to undesirable consequences; they are perfectly incentivized by money.
20.1 no
21. Does not allow and should not. will not contribute to progress, it is necessary to support real artificial intelligence systems
rather than generative.
22. no, the right of reproduction is a human right because a person cannot reproduce a perfect copy. you can try
To make a replica of a painting, the question is whether you can do it and how exactly it will look. All people are different.
Ai repeats information perfectly.
23. It is but needs addition. We need to know
information on the basis of which images the work was done and make conclusions based on this information
24. not enough. We need data disclosure.
25. Company producer CEO
25.1 Special licensed distributor systems of similar open-source ai models, which will be responsible for distribution and
use of these models. Open source products are often supported by grants from special organizations,
These organizations must bear some of the responsibility.
Also, companies using data from open-source ai models, for example, are also responsible for security
using their product
26.Copyrights must be protected in accordance with 17 U.S.C. 1202(b)
No one has the right to delete or change authorship information.
Authors can be indicated in the form of a QR code in the corner of the picture with information about the authors of the works
27. Responsibility of moderation of mots networks for advertising using AI
28. Yes, we need labeling of content and there are hundreds of deepfakes that affect our lives. I'll be honest, I've seen advertisements for clothes
and I had to convince my mother to be more careful and not buy anything like that and there are a lot of such products
28.1. company creating AI
28.2 I don't know
28.3 I think a fine and removal of content will be sufficient punishment
29. there are several developments for example https://hivemoderation.com/ai-generated-content-detection https://www.aiornot.com/
They are not one hundred percent, but they help determine sometimes.
30. I don’t know any such cases and I haven’t seen any actions taken
31.-
32. Yes they should. It’s scary to see how your drawing style makes drawings that don’t correspond to your views
(some of them may contain harmful content) and people will recognize your style.
The artist should have the right to such protection
33.-
34. Please consider AI’s ban on the use in advertising of products that generate AI are not
reality. also consider protecting women from deepfakes