I would like to start with the fact that generative AI is not human intelligence, it only mimics it. It has no will of its own and is a Machine Learning algorithm. The only differences between generative AI and say, the Youtube algorithm, are the data input into the algorithm and the parameters its owners set. <br/><br/>What these machine learning algorithms do, is they sample works from thousands of artists and stitch them together into something that isn&#39;t technically real art, because a human hand did not create it. Many AI proponents will say that humans do the same thing by studying other artists and learning their skills and techniques, but to get it out of the way, the machine does not learn like a human would, yes we study and &quot;steal&quot; from other artists, but as our skills develop we take the lessons we learned and are able to create our own art without referencing other artists . A machine cannot copy style or skill, it needs the actual art to recombine. If a machine isn&#39;t given art to copy and recombine, it cannot create anything. A child could draw something if given a paper and pencil, it my not be good, but it will be genuine art the child created of their own imagination and skill. <br/>But to bring this point further, even if the AI is creating art, the prompters and people who wish to profit off of AI, are not creating art. Many will argue that it takes time and skill to input the right prompts to get a result and that they should get credit for their ideas, however there is a rule in copyright called sans affaire which means you cannot copyright ideas. Essentially they are commissioning the algorithm to create an artwork and get the credit for it, even though they did not do the work. The algorithm is the artists and should therefore get the credit and profits, but the machine can&#39;t get credit or compensation for a work. These works do not belong to an AI and they especially don&#39;t belong to a prompter. No one likes an &quot;idea guy&quot;. The real credit and compensation should belong to all the artists whose work was sampled, who gave the AI its data set to work off of. <br/>To better understand this, think of the prompter as someone ordering a cake from a baker who would be an AI. The AI does all the work and gets paid, even if the prompter gives the baker the idea for the cake, the baker gets paid and gets the credit for creating that cake. And on top of that the baker paid money for everything they used to make the cake; the ingredients that came from a grocer which came from a farm, the equipment used to bake and mix, and the store which was built by someone else, the baker paid for all of these things. In this analogy all those other people would be the artists the AI samples, the baker paid or compensated those people, they didn&#39;t claim they made the oven or made the sugar,everyone knows it came from somewhere else. What the prompter wants to do is have the baker steal all the equipment and ingredients, make their cake, not pay the baker and sell the cake for their own profit and take credit for making it. That is a basic idea of why AI should not be copyrighted, the art does not belong to the AI and because you can&#39;t copyright ideas, the art should not belong to the prompter. <br/><br/>As to what policies should be enacted to limit AI and protect artists and creatives, here are my ideas. Firstly AI art should not be able to copyrighted because it is not original art. AI art should always be clearly and prominently marked as AI &quot;art&quot;. If someone posts AI art online they should be obligated to clearly cite and reference all the art pieces and artists the AI sampled to create the &quot;art&quot;. If a person falsely passes an AI made piece as their own and made money off of it, they should be required to recompense the artist that the algorithm used to sample its piece. The one exception I would make for making money off an AI piece is if an artists only used their own work as a sample for the algorithm, if they can prove that only their art was sampled then they can profit off of it, but they must still clearly label it as AI. If someone used AI art to profit off a work, but claims they edited it and added their own ideas to the piece, such as a book, they still need to mark it as AI made or perhaps &quot;Partially made with AI&quot; and then they should still compensate the other artists whose work was sampled to make the art piece, perhaps a judge will have to determine to what degree the art is AI made and what the percentage should be, but I would argue that the base compensation should be 50% of profits made. <br/>Essentially artists, and I use artists to regard all creatives from visual artists to musician to writers, aren&#39;t against AI. It is a tool and like any tool it can be used for good or for wickedness. A hammer can build a house or bludgeon a head, its all in how it&#39;s used. I want a system in which artists don&#39;t have to fear that their livelihoods will be jeopardized because AI can do their work faster and cheaper. Help artists.