I strongly believe that the ability to copyright should only be allowed for human authors. AI is a dangerous and unregulated technology that has stolen from living artists and writers with scraping bots to generate images and writing using their copyrighted material without permission, notification, or compensation to the copyright holders. Currently AI is being used to replace the artists and writers it has stolen from to train it&#39;s models to replace them. It would be incredibly dangerous for AI to be able to copyright because it has no accountability for any harm it might cause others. An intelligent program cannot be sued, held liable against in the court of law, nor held responsible for any damaging, misleading, or any false content it creates. This technology is currently unregulated and has caused great harm to many people not only in the arts but is being used to steal people&#39;s identities, voices, likenesses for scams. Responsibility and authorship should always be upon a human author. Artists, musicians, and writers depend on copyright to protect their works from being stolen, and if AI was allowed the ability to copyright the materials it stole from, which is do so without references, it would undo the entire purpose of copyright because anyone could have an AI take a creator&#39;s work as claim it as their own and the stolen work would be copyrighted. AI copyright would devastate the writing industry, the art industry, as well as all the fields of science. AI is unreliable has been proven to be incorrect due to the fact that it references incorrect sources without the abilities to discern what information it is pulling from. Education will be inundated with incorrect sources of information copyrighted by AI and students will be presented with misinformation, or information without a reference sourced. Studies in the medical field and science that have papers written and copyrighted by AI would also be highly dangerous and no longer deemed as a respectable source and spread incorrect information. AI does not understand the context of what it is creating, only a human would. If AI is allowed to be copyrighted then the respect held for copyrighted works will vanish because authorship could be a human or it could be an incorrect program that is stealing from various creators. The right to have ownership should squarely belong in the hands of a human. It is hard to tell the difference from what is being created by AI and what is created by people, and it will continue to become harder to tell the difference, which is why copyright should remain in the hands of human authors alone so that we know a real human being made that copyrighted work. This is the only way to protect human authorship, and a program should not be given this human right. The entire entertainment industry would collapse without this protection, as writers, animators, actors, artists, musicians, journalists are currently striking and fighting for their right to keep their jobs from being taken by AI programs that corporations are desperate to train and replace people to make more money. The only reason that these corporations haven&#39;t completely replaced them is because AI generated content cannot be copyrighted and would be public domain. If copyright does not stay in the hands of people and people alone, we will lose these jobs and no artwork or written material created by human hands will be safe with copyright anymore. It will all be scrapped by AI within a fraction of what it takes for a human to create and stolen work will be able to copyrighted, and it will do so without any accountability or repercussions in the court of law.  