Since copyright is based on the idea of intellectual property and thus on the concept of property, it cannot apply to any AI creation. Property requires personhood, personhood can be granted to certain entities like corporations etc, but with AI there is no single entity that could claim personhood, an algorithm cannot be legally considered a person. In order for something to be copyrightable/intellectual property, there needs to be a creator. In the case of AI generated images, who would that creator be? The algorithm that cannot be a person, or the promptgiver that does have personhood but did not do any artistic work? The artists whose art the algorithm was trained on? Whose property would the image be? Granting property protections to something that cannot be private property as it cannot claim a single owner or creator, would go against the telos of intellectual property law/property law itself. It would be methodically wrong. <br/><br/>Furthermore AI &bdquo;art&ldquo; infringes on the intellectual property of artists around the world, rewarding this by making it copyrightable, would be incredibly cynical. An artist training a machine learning program such as stable diffusion on their own art to use it as a tool might be a different story, however in this case the amount of human work still outweighs the machine. Even calling AI generated images or texts art shows a shocking lack of respect, care and value for human creation and skill. Art is not simply a product to be consumed, it is a conversation between artist and audience and the artist with themself. Calling AI generated images or text art is a misnomer and codifying this term in copyright law would mean revising the legal definition of art as a whole. And what would be the use of that, it would make sense if there were no more artists and machine learning the only substitute, but there is an abundance of artists, they are not a finite resource. There is an abundance of human made art, what would be gained from expanding the definition of art to include machine generated images etc.? What would be the purpose?  