The use of AI to generate &quot;written&quot; work by scraping copyrighted , individually human-generated work, is, inherently, infringing. AI technology as it is is not capable of independent thought; it is not capable of doing more than accumulating data taken from work created by human individuals and then reassembling and mimicking said data. This means none of its ideas are unique to it; none of the phrasing, none of the words, none of the images; it is directly pulling these from materials that people have created. Given that copyright is inherent from the moment a work is created, it should be protected from being scraped by AI that then allows corporations to profit. Regarding the question of if AI-generated works should be copyrighted themselves - why? Given that they create nothing new, merely reassemble others&#39; works in a different way without any true drop of creativity or inventiveness, it seems bizarre that it would receive the benefits it is violating in its turn. The only exception I would consider would be if the original scraped works are being credited - i.e., similar to citations in an article, where other works are utilized by a human writer to prove their point. Even with human input/prompting, the person involved has not done enough thought and analysis to merit protections. After all, isn&#39;t that the point of AI tech? To minimize the actual creative work, thought, and analysis of the people and therefore generate a large volume of product with little actual human hours and therefore maximize profit? (Also, I enjoy the irony of there being a captcha to prove I am not a robot at the bottom of this page.)<br/><br/>Creating art, creating writing and stories, creating music, sharing these things with the community - this is a huge part of what makes us human. Humans have been generating art and telling stories for tens of thousands of years. One could easily argue that it is part of what allowed humanity to become so successful - we are the most cooperative mammalian species to ever have existed, in part because we share so much through stories and art and music. Allowing that unique trait to be stolen and reproduced in a sterile, soulless manner for the sole benefit of putting more money in the pocket of the wealthy is literally striking a blow at the very heart of human society. To quote Mr. Keating/Robin Williams in Dead Poets Society, &quot;We don&#39;t read and write poetry because it&#39;s cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.&quot; Don&#39;t let the AI take away what we stay alive for. Protect our copyrights.