I&rsquo;m a freelance illustrator. I&rsquo;ve been learning to draw and create art for most of my life and have been pursuing it professionally for well over a decade. I work mostly with smaller publishers, game makers, and authors. I have watched the growth of generative AI with keen interest as what it can do is interesting and powerful, however, once I learned how these systems collect and use data and that some of my very own artwork was found to be in one of the datasets, I could not condone the use of it. <br/><br/>These datasets are created from billions of images scraped carelessly off of the internet with no interest as to whether the images are copyright protected or not. If one were to remove all of the copyright protected data from one of these datasets, the gAI programs would not be able to function at a level anywhere near where they are now. And of course they couldn&rsquo;t. They have only the raw data that is fed into them to compute with; people&rsquo;s art, poetry, music, books, movies, photos, none of which these people consented to giving or allowed the use of. These collections of data are stolen and therefore should not be permitted to be used. It should be illegal for them to utilize all of this copyrighted work in their programs without compensation, credit, and permission. Copyright should certainly not be granted to any work that utilizes current gAI models in any way as their foundation is built on stolen works.<br/><br/>I also do not believe there is any justifiable case where Copyright protected works should be able to be taken and used in these datasets under fair use. The images created are being used in direct competition with the artists they have stolen from. <br/><br/>Disruption in the creative industry has already begun. I&rsquo;ve said before that I work with smaller clients mostly. I have seen numerous indie authors turn to gAI for their book covers instead of hiring an illustrator. I&rsquo;ve also witnessed many smaller developers and publishers in Tabletop RPGs and boardgames, two markets that require a large portion of art for their products, turn towards gAI instead of illustrators. Online platforms both big and small that sell digital goods are beginning to be bombarded with gAI. DriveThru RPG has more and more gAI content popping up. Amazon&rsquo;s e-books are seeing a large rise in books with gAI written content as well as gAI covers. Online marketplaces like Redbubble and Etsy are similarly affected. In other sectors like advertisement gAI created images are creeping further and further in as well. Even Marvel&rsquo;s relatively new show, Secret Invasion, uses AI generated images for the entirety of the opening sequence. This all displaces artists, putting them out of work. <br/><br/>And with how easy and quick it is to pump out gAI images these online marketplaces are starting to become more and more crowded, pushing out artists by sheer volume, or causing artists to have to charge less for their products and services in order to try and compete. As gAI content also begins filling up search engines on the web it is harder for artists to find trustworthy reference images for their work or to even get their work seen.Beyond just artists, the bloat of gAI content has made it harder to find reliable information on the web, making the spread of false information and disinformation much, much easier.<br/><br/>I intend to keep creating, although I will say that it has been incredibly difficult watching the impact that this technology has begun to have on the creative field, especially illustration which does not have the large backing that music and film does. People are losing their livelihoods and the weapon being used against them is created off of their own hard work and the work of their peers.