For a plethora of reasons, content generated by AI systems should not be elligible for copyright.<br/><br/>The first major point is that the training data used by most major systems have amassed training data by taking immeasurable numbers of images and other artistic content without informing or recieving consent from the original works&#39; authors. Open AI&#39;s CEO has even stated in the face of pending EU regulation that having a requirement to disclose their training sources would open them to legal liability. Only major media studios such as Disney have access to enough works that they could train an AI without infringement, and such systems would not be abailable to the public. Even in this case, this raises an ethical question that has become one of the subjects of the ongoing writers strike.<br/><br/>Secondly, AI is not capable of creating an original work. Artificial Intelligence is largely a misnomer, as it does not display any actual intelligence. AI cannot think or reason, nor can it imagine. AI systems work like a predictive text system on any phone or computer: it can give semi-accurate results based on recognized patterns, but cannot be used to create a coherent work on its own. The more AI is involved in the process, the less coherent or accurate the full output becomes. This has been seen already in the legal system, where a lawyer had requested information on case law from Chat GPT and received the names of cases that did not exist. Chat GPT simply generated case names based on supposed patterns in naming conventions.<br/><br/>Finally, current AI systems have seen a rapid spike in usage and interest in large part due to their promise of replacing human input. There is a common trend on Amazon currently where the literary marketplace becomes flooded with AI generated books. These books range on topics and contain many inaccuracies and incoherencies. They are generated by the seller with the intention of using AI for most, if not all, of the creative process. The purpose is to quickly put out a work to turn a profit without regards to accuracy, originality, or coherency. Nonfiction works are especially damaging, as they are generared with the intent to be first to cover a current event, but do not have any time or care put in to ensure they do not generate or spread misinformation. In both cases, fiction or nonfiction, these generated books flood the market and drown out the authors who did take the time and human effort required to create an original, accurate, and coherent work. This can even be seen in digital art communities where artists who take commissions will se people boasting about using an AI to generate a piece in said artist&#39;s style. Rather than pay an artist for a new work, their old work is often stolen and used to generate content.