The architect rule:<br/>Most successful architects often just come up with concepts and drafting teams and engineering teams work to get broad stroke direction to a reality but chief architects take all the credit. Same is true with prompt based AI, the instructor is the creator. With generative AI complexity of prompts and authors specific instructions may create unique works worthy of protection. <br/><br/>If an AI is set to create media and content on its own using observability and self response mimicking human sense, knowledge and awareness then we have to debate if it is sentient or not first. If the creator of the AI has not given free agency or will to the AI equivalent to human (seeing, hearing, reading, gathering, etc) and is guided by constraints then it operates in constraints given by the developer and anything created by it is not protectable. For e.g if the AI was trained on English literature and news website. Then it is programmed or can be asked to write a novel on current events using Jane Austen style then content created by this AI is not copyrightable. Outcome of the content may be creative or new but it is a controlled response in a specific domain without human like agency. <br/><br/>If it can be determined that AI architected the style, narrative, plot, characters and other elements of a media authentically in its own will and we (humans) decide to declare an AI system to be sentient then copyright may be assigned. We have to know if the AI had a purpose to generate any content. If it is purposeless then its just nonsense based on coded instructions written by a human anyway. Do we copyright humans generated content that is purposeless? Do we copyright a toddlers crayon drawing? Any authentic content created by an AI without any purpose or intention is not copyrightable. There is an intention, a driving force behind behind human creativity which creates copyrightable material. If a machine (AI) just creates content because the creator of the machine (AI) made it do so then it is not copyrightable. A lot of copyright material has to do with feelings, it should be factored if the machine could feel or wanted someone to feel something through its generated content. 