AI generated work should be unable to even file for copyright, it is never original and only copied from other pieces. It is not advanced enough to create new things, weather that be voices, art, stories, music, movies, or videos. It can be an excellent tool but in the current state it is being used to avoid paying artists, writers, Voice Actors, and etc. It needs regulations and restrictions before the conversation on copyright progresses. Giving the companies that own any AI copyright over what it generates will only lead into stagnation, as one of two paths will happen or both. Path 1 will be these people who give their time and energy to these projects won&#39;t get paid so they will stop and be unable to fight since their work/voice is being used with out their permission, Path 2 is these companies sue everyone on the background that they have the copyright on this thing that someone else is using and without a good enough lawyer they will lose that fight, which will only give the companies more reason to continue attacking people. I say if they ever wanted to even try to file the companies need to have fair contracts in favor of the creators or voice actors, like residuals from this work would be 70\30 creator to company. Most companies who try to take advantage of this are too big to fail meaning this will never hurt them. Every AI is just a generation software, AI by its very code is unable to make something new, it can not create it can only redo what already has been done, and these generators can become harmful unintentionally, there are many screenshots online showing how Chat GPT just give completely wrong information even though it is always connected to the internet and could easily look up a search result from like Wikipedia or another trusted website, it seems to skim something and combine what it finds making it contradict itself in the same sentence. Until these AI become advanced enough to be actual Artificial Intelligence instead of just generators, and companies make fair and in favor of the person signing the contract, all AI work should be unable to ever file for copyright and every obtain that status. That copyright should go to the person(s) who had their work or voice used in what it generated. The companies did not make a voice or the art people working for them did, so that copyright should never reach the company.<br/>I do not like calling this AI as there is no intelligence behind it, it is just an image generator or a predicative text generator, it is misleading marketing so people who have no idea will think we can make Artificial Intelligence. Technology is starting to be able to begin on it, many processes are happening as I type this, it is exciting but without that or the proper regulations it will only be harmful. To state again AI in the current state is unable to create anything and should never have copyright on anything made with it, weather it happened at the start or the end or a project being made.