In all the time I&rsquo;ve been alive, I&rsquo;ve never seen something more potentially damaging to us as a species living unique and fulfilling experiences as AI generated media. <br/><br/>Firstly, in order for a computer to generate anything, it needs to be given data. If you want a computer to play chess, you need to input how the chess pieces can move. If you want a computer to play a video, it needs to be given a video to play. Likewise, if you want a computer to generate art, you need to give it examples of art. Unlike humans, however, who have been creating wholly original stories and artworks around things like deities and fictional universes for tens of thousands of years, these AIs can only give out as much as what&#39;s been given to them. If you tell a computer to pick a random number from 1 to 10 but only gave it the numbers 3 to 5 to choose from, it will never pick a number beyond what you gave it despite what you&#39;re asking from it. Likewise, if you want an AI to write something like a medieval story or create an image in the style of Picasso, it can only do those things if you gave it examples of medieval stories and Picasso&#39;s work.<br/><br/>This is currently the biggest problem with AI generated media. The only way these AIs have been able to generate the images, scripts, and voices you&#39;ve seen is by referencing already existing works, and with how much variety it is able to generate, it&#39;s extremely likely that people behind even some of the sources of their data did not give consent for their work to be used this way, are not having their work being credited, and might not even be aware of it being used this way in the first place. This is already clearly the case as you can easily ask these programs to give you stories, images, and spoken lines around characters protected under copyright by massive companies like Mickey Mouse, Ronald McDonald, and Super Mario, and they are able to generate content not just around these individual characters, but every other part of their worlds. Whose to say the same isn&#39;t also true for the struggling online artist trying to make rent selling their original illustrations of flowers and bees, or the aspiring novelist sharing their rough drafts to gather feedback?<br/><br/>The other concerning part of this technology is that because it can never generate something truly original, if this technology were to become commonly used by companies and studios if left unregulated, replacing the jobs of all the currently hard working artists, voice actors, and writers, the imagination that we view media for and the growth of all media industries would begin to rapidly stagnate. If the recent box office trends of this summer have proven anything, it&#39;s that the average consumer is starting to get tired of the same kinds of stories and seeing the same decades-old franchises. We constantly crave originality within our lives to stop them from becoming tedious cycles of working, eating, and sleeping on repeat. But with AI generated content, it can never truly create the new original media people are constantly on the look out for, and with nothing new to build ideas off of, the few creatives clinging onto an AI-run industry would just be stuck in a rut of dozens of the same kinds of media being produced with the typing of a sentence and the press of a button, instead of the hours of love and passion our human brains are capable of putting into the things we create.<br/><br/>For well over half a century, we as a society have been placing more and more emphasis on getting things done faster. From TV dinners, to self-driving cars, to bidets on toilets, we as humans want some of the things in life to take up as little time as possible in order to make money and to enjoy the many leisures available through living. Now, it feels like we&#39;ve reached a tipping point, where rich businessmen making money off of the creation of media, in order to try and make money faster and satiate this unhealthy demand, want to take the human out of human creativity using AI to steal from what has already been made, only to not realize that the human element and drive for originality is why people are interested in media in the first place.