Greetings. I am a fanfiction author of a few works on the fansite Archive of Our Own. I have not had the unfortunate incident of commenters claiming to copy my work into an A.I. word generator to &quot;complete the story&quot; as I have seen some of my fellows do, nor do I have proof that any of my works were used to feed A.I. word generators to teach it how to &quot;write a story.&quot; Nevertheless, with the rise of people using A.I. to create profitable stories upon my and other&#39;s labor without our knowledge, consent, or inclusion with said profits, I have been forced to take measures. All of my fanfiction is currently locked, so A.I. websites cannot use my voice (as in, the way I write) via Google search or the like. This still leaves me vulnerable to individual attacks rather than company attacks as Archive of Our Own is easy to sign up for and remain logged in, should an individual decide to copy and paste my works for their own benefit. Of course, the only reason fanfiction writers know at all that their creations are being taken and mutated via angry readers using A.I. text spaces is because of the very few comments left in the aftermath. Who knows how many did not fess up to their methods, in case the authors have not received the news that their work was feeding other&#39;s profits without seeing anything themselves as a good thing. And as a writer myself, I can assure you that it is not a good thing. Should the rise of plagiarism continue, I may have to remove my art from public interaction in order to retain personal copywrite over my work. But I still don&#39;t know if anyone has taken it without consent and made profit off of it. And, in my case especially, there should not be any profits made. The American law as currently stands states that fanfiction cannot be used for profit in any way, as it takes original concepts and do not make them their own. Should someone take fanfiction and attempt to may any profits from such a creation, licensed companies may trace it back to the original source, me and my fellow fanfiction writers, and seek vengeance against those crafting for free instead of those who stole and illegally gained from their theft. From other&#39;s free work instead of theirs. From their plagiarism. Inspiration without credit is plagiarism, and it&#39;s not okay in any format.