My name is Chase Jones and I am film/writing student at SCAD. My entire life I have been working to create powerful stories about ordinary people, the way that many of my heroes, such as John Hughes did. However, when you allow a Artificial being take on that task, art loses meaning. A screenplay, a song, a comic book, a painting even, about what it means to be human; to love, to laugh, to gain and lose, becomes a cheap imitation. A robot gathering data and imitating past films and representations of the human experience is the furthest thing from human&hellip;.it is the furthest thing from art. AI will have devastating impacts on our view of reality and ourselves as people. It may be able to take a sample of Frank Sinatra&rsquo;s voice and make him sing a new song, but it will never be able to replicate the way the people who wrote so many of Old Blue Eyes&rsquo; classic hits felt. Part of what makes art so powerful are the stories behind where a piece came from. Knowing what an artist went through that brought them to create something is part of a piece&rsquo;s impact. It is part of it&rsquo;s allure for many people. So, when a robot simply steals Snoop Dog&rsquo;s voice, and makes &ldquo;him&rdquo; rap lyrics that it generated based on what it thinks rap music sounds like, you lose that raw human aspect of the creative process. No emotion is involved, therefore it is meaningless. Another issue that is on the rise concerning actors in film, is the use of AI generated background actors. These actors would sell their likeness to the studio and receive little to no royalties for the use of their image, from now until the end of time. Meaning, if that actor makes it big, that studio will still own their image. This would allow them to place an AI generated version of the actor into any film they wanted, with no need to compensate that actor. In 1989, after the release of Back to the Future: Part Two, Crispin Glover, the actor who portrayed George McFly in the original, got into a salary dispute with Universal. Due to this dispute, Glover had not signed on to do the sequel, but George did make an appearance. Prosthetic molds of Glover&rsquo;s face, used to make him look middle aged in the first film, were worn by another actor. The studio thought no one would no the difference and there would be no issue. They ended up being half right. Glover was outraged, and rightfully so. In 1990, Glover sued Universal for the unauthorized use of his image, a lawsuit he won. Glover got a large settlement. So, as the U.S. Copyright Office, please tell me, if none of this was acceptable before AI, why should it be acceptable now? I beg of you, I and all the aspiring artists out there beg of you, regulate the use of AI and help us keep art human.