Permission from copyright owner is absolutely crucial when training AI models; this level of permission should not be slipped in as a footnote or as part of a more expansive terms of service on sites where works are uploaded. Users or creators should be specifically and clearly asked if they allow for their work to be used, and if unasked, their work should absolutely not be used for AI training. Only with explicit consent is it tenable - the creators must opt in with no consequence if they opt out. Compensation for work, as it always should be in a commercial or industry context, should be required. Legal remedy should be swift and painless for the creator if their work is used without consent and/or they are not paid what they have agreed to with the model. <br/>Materials generated using AI systems are not copyrightable, because they are essentially copyrighting an amalgam of others&#39; copyrights, which constitutes overlap and perhaps an overstep. The technology and system itself may be copyrightable or allowed a patent but the content produced absolutely cannot be. It is not about human authorship necessarily, as AI are trained on things authored by humans on a fundamental level, but rather that piecing these works together cannot override original copyright or be considered anything original enough to be copyrighted. <br/>The developers of the system should be held at fault if they have not made clear or had the user agree to a basic set of contractual guidelines detailing what infringement would look like. The user should be held at fault no matter what, but more heavily if they have signed or agreed to such a contract and failed to stand by it. <br/>Style and likeness is nebulous but I fail to see how these could be used in AI if not trained on artists who are working with said styles. If AI infringes on the work of these artists then it should be illegal. Moreover, it should be illegal to make work with AI and not make it clear that it was done with AI, including AI trained on now public domain work by artists and creators. 