Generative AI is an affront to the creative underpinning required for art to exist. Allowing people to steal bits and pieces of hundreds of works without any of their own agency whatsoever is offensive in and of itself, but protecting such theft as though the thieves have produced something themselves, is a step too far. A.I. programs trained through data scraping and works stolen through last minute amendments to Terms and Conditions are actively threatening to supplant artists by accessing their work without their permission or participation. If nothing else, artists should be protected from such theft stealing their creations, but ideally, such work would be disincentivized altogether. I think the easiest way to ensure A.I. exists solely as an artistic tool, and not as an  input output machine for those unwilling to engage in artistic pursuits, but insistent on receiving thr fruits of artistry, is to prevent work with any A.I. generation from receiving any manner of protection as intellectual property, and requiring that the products of these programs are listed as such when posted on the internet or used in print for anything other than exclusively personal uses. <br/><br/>In requiring that the work is A.I. generated, and adding additional hurdles to said programs using preexisting images or works with IP protections, you can simultaneously cut off the source material for these thieving amalgamation machines, and undercut the returns for the practice to begin with. <br/><br/>This is an important moment in history, and considering the capitalist disregard for art to begin with, the only way to prevent the complete removal of artists from our country&#39;s future is to get this right in the present day. We will meaningfully erode the artistic progress achieved to this point if every other Mass produced image is a thoughtless and creatively empty mix of elements scraped from a Google search and a list of buzzwords.<br/><br/>Please take action now, and help prevent generative A.I. from having any more of a disruptive effect in the visual arts space. We are truly at the mercy of technology otherwise, and all of society will suffer if inaction is the collective response to this present and ongoing threat. 