I am training with the goal of entering the comic book industry as an artist. AI may very well be a powerful tool, but the risks far outweigh the benefits, especially as people who chose not to train in art have been using AI as a shortcut to cash in, much like NFTs. There is no regulation that the images be identified as AI, nor that the people that trained it unwillingly and without their own knowledge be fairly compensated. You cannot opt out, and this has ruined the online presence of at least one major painter who had to erase their entire catalogue and only sell in person. A famous example of an artist having his own name used as an art style  prompt is Greg Rutkowski, whose name is even a suggested prompt in some generators. The economic devastation that the callous AI user&#39;s and designers casually wreak on artists cannot be understated. Art is a human experience. To have a machine make it and flood the market with stolen, subpar product will be a travesty. The general understanding in my peers of AI usage is that it&#39;s a shortcut used by either the greedy, the cheap, or the desperately overworked that takes you places you could have gotten on your own without theft by putting in the time yourself. I have no issue with the concept of AI art as a whole, rather the abominable way the developers and users have used it. Regulations, such as mandatory marking of the piece as AI, and making the training opt-in instead of blatant stealing would altogether make AI simply another part of the art world as a whole. Imitation especially damages the economy of my industry, as an AI user can imitate the style of a well-known artist, but charge less than a fair price and drive the true artist out of business, stealing both product and audience whole. The simple distinction of how exactly it is theft is thus: a machine that screws a screw can only do that. No matter how large or small the task, it has no command input beyond what a using human makes. AI uses tags and other navigation features to scrape and STEAL aggregate data and recompile it according to the users prompting. If a car assembly machine was stealing car designs from other companies, it would be theft then, too. The usage, not the structure of the AI is the problem. New legislation specifically designed for AI and those who use, design, and sell both the program and the resulting products is definitely required. I&#39;ve already put the kinds of things I&#39;d like to see in such a document: the AI having transparency on who and where they get their data, fair compensation for the original makers of the art and/or writing, mandatory labelling as a product of AI, and only using original data of any kind from people that opt-in. These rules may seem strict, but as AI has been used predominantly as a tool for abuse and cheating in the art community it stands to reason that strict rules regarding its usage and data flow will help to curb it. As it stands with the current lack of these rules, I do not believe ANY product of AI can legally or ethically have copyright.