I am an artist and a programmer who understands the ramifications if this office allows AI to be copyrighted. I don&rsquo;t believe that AI has the right to be signified as copyrighted material. It has become much harder for me and other people who are just searching on the Internet, especially images with now AI rampantly showing up on Google search, Bing search, and Pinterest, making it hard to discern real information from information that has been generated. To make matters worse, Artificial intelligence is the center of most disinformation campaigns that have been posted on social media. It is extremely irksome that there are companies out there that are trying to automate creative positions. Those positions are environments in which involves human creativity and human output to produce works that create connections and have feeling to them. It has become extremely difficult in this age where you have people who are discrediting the amount of work, time and dedication that people put into their craft to share with those around the world. There have been instances in which my fellow creators, fellow artists, writers and actors who have lost job opportunities due to unregulation for artificial intelligence. Ethically speaking as someone who is also a part of the tech industry, I find it concerning how much harm that we are creating to our fellow man, and how our industry has been creating innovations that cause irreparable harm. While AI can be seen as a helpful tool in some instances, I do not believe that generated material such as images, generated voices or anything generated pertaining to a persons likeness, should be allowed copyright status. I hope that this office takes the time to read and understand the comments that many others have written to you with their concerns about AI. They&rsquo;re concerned about DeviantArt, ArtStation, Midjourney, and other AI tools taking works that we have put our heart into to just infringe on our own copyrights for the sake of creating worthless material. I humbly ask you to please reject any notion involving copyright status for artificial intelligence.