Why do people watch sports events when we could easily just build robots specifically designed for running and jumping and throwing? It is because we yearn to see the height of achievement that human beings can muster. Without the element of human risk, the creation itself ceases to be magical. A machine cannot hope to capture the depth of the human experience because it has never experienced the immense joys and pains of being alive, it has no skin in the game. Great art has something to say about being alive, so how can we expect something that has never lived to capture that. All that we will see from these machines are pathetic facsimiles of what human beings can create. And this is yet another misguided effort on the part of executives to try and capture and commodify the joy of human creation. I did not sign up for a future in which human beings have drudgery jobs and robots get to make art, and neither has anyone else who lives outside of the tech and corporate plastic bubble. We have the power to stop that future now, and the time to make sure that this future doesn&#39;t happen is now, while we have some hope of putting up guardrails. Not to mention that anything that AI creates comes from the intellectual theft of artists whose work the tech industry stole to train their machines. We can&#39;t let this happen. In addition, AI trained on all that the internet has to offer will only regurgitate, by virtue of what it is designed to do, the very basest of the stereotypes and offensive tropes that we as a society have created. If you want proof of this, look at what happens when you ask one of these programs to give you a picture of an autistic person. It will give you page after page of a sad looking white man, because society has decided that this is what autistic people look like. AI, by virtue of what it&#39;s been trained to do, cannot hope to create anything nuanced and innovative. And as we&#39;ve increasingly seen, people are craving universal stories that invite us into a specific and nuanced world. AI cannot create something new. It can only steal. And frankly, if what it is trained to steal is based on who we have been, not who we can be, then we are better off without it and its &quot;contributions.&quot; Thank you so much for your time!