AI, which currently threatens the creative industry, is being developed in a way that mercilessly exploits people. Key stakeholders and planners must clearly acknowledge the risks of these technologies and quickly create effective regulatory legislation to monitor and control engineers and companies related to AI companies globally.<br/><br/>Since AI has infiltrated the private sector due to AI companies, individuals have gained destructive power in cyberspace. The harmful effects of technology that have existed in the past include voice phishing, deepfakes without consent, and illegal upload sites, all of which are difficult to punish because cooperation between countries cannot be smoothly achieved due to limited administrative power. In light of the fact that AI has made it possible for individuals to easily create and distribute synthetic photos and fake videos, we must face the fact that cases like this mean that everyone is exposed to technological violence and that this is only growing.<br/><br/>Current examples of damage caused by AI include artists, voice actors, and actors being exploited against their will without receiving compensation for their efforts. As another example, women can be exploited for illegal composites of their appearance, body, and voice, regardless of their will. If human dignity, morals, and ethics are ignored and individual efforts are exploited by AI developers and companies without compensation, the result will be amplification of helplessness and lowering of self-efficacy across generations of humans. In a society built on trust and conscience, if someone else could steal the body that was built after five years of exercise, the victim would naturally feel embarrassed and feel betrayed by society. And this is a widespread problem not just for creators and women, but for all civilians. Compared to underdeveloped countries, social problems caused by hikikomori and mental illness exist in developed countries, and paradoxically, this serves as a catalyst by increasing the temptation to commit crimes by uncontrollable groups.<br/><br/>So AI must be urgently regulated before it poses serious risks. The claim that AI guarantees a bright future is simply an optimistic prediction about the future and a consequentialist way of thinking, citing similar technological examples, and there is no evidence anywhere. On the other hand, the damage to AI is ongoing, and the benefits of the technology are entirely dependent on ruthless exploitation, adding to the mental suffering of victims of exploitation.<br/><br/>If those involved properly understand this and actively respond to the ruthless exploitation by AI companies, people will be able to work toward their dreams with peace of mind in a world maintained by morality and conscience. Everyone has the right to be respected, have the freedom to make choices, and should not be exploited regardless of their will. Current AI negates all of this. If you do not consider the impact that other people&#39;s work has on you, guaranteeing that it will not affect you is nothing but ignorance and forgetfulness. Let&#39;s hope we can figure out the heavy lifting of this technological violence and stop AI before it&#39;s too late.