I am against my artwork, all the copyright protected works of art and images, personal photos, and all the internet&rsquo;s images of humanities body of artwork being used to generate AI without our content. There is no one who profits except those who wish to exploit, weaken our rights as artists and creators, and wish to make artwork and creative content about an outcome, a commodity to use illegally.  Only humans make art for humans need have any say in this matter. Creativity is something we all possess but don&rsquo;t use in the same way or to the same degree. By claiming they were using the software to collect this data then using it outside of research they are infringing on our rights and copyright.  I&rsquo;m the only one who Can and should decide where my art is used and I should be able to have them remove it from the database etc. To not act in our best interest as creators of original artwork and content, and to  not protect our rights, as visual artists, actors, our voices, our unique being, our artistic aesthetic and expression, is to harm the very best of what humanity can bring to the world through sharing our creative gifts and being able to make a living doing that. It&rsquo;s hard enough to make a living and this would make it so much harder.  It is a harm to the whole of humanity and our creative gifts we bring to the world in favor of short  term profit and exploitation that will make it so much harder to make a living for so many peleo and make whatever is created much worse. This isn&rsquo;t what our country should stand for. To pretend that because it&rsquo;s new texhiboligg it&rsquo;s somehow not copyright infringement and stealing art is insane. Please do your job and not put these companies who only seek to once again put money over human lives as they steal humanity&#39;s greatest gifts we give to the world. The world will be a poorer and a sadder place without artwork and creative jobs applying our skills to an industry that brings us much wealth, joy and meaning. AI is harming us more than helping us as humans at this point. Stand up for copyright, artists rights to decedent when and how their art is used, hold those accountable who seek to exploit so many people. It&rsquo;s your job to stand up to them, the bullies who are only out to steal our work for profit. Our artwork isn&rsquo;t theirs to use, it&rsquo;s protected under copyright law.  I never consented. This is a violation. We are watching what you do. Will you have a backbone and stand up for us or fail us in the name of big tech over all creative professionals and artists. Technology isn&rsquo;t inherently good or bad, it depends on how it&rsquo;s used. We must limit its use and regulate it. Artwork for me isn&rsquo;t about just the final image or work, it&rsquo;s about the process. It&rsquo;s not about immediacy. We learn and grow through struggles, practice, mistakes, experimentation. I&rsquo;ve never needed help with idea generation. If some people believe they do it&rsquo;s more a failing of their own practice utilizing their imagination or maybe that&rsquo;s why they aren&rsquo;t working in the creative arts. If we let cooperate greed and shareholders who wish to remove our copyright projection and exploit us, why else is left. This is a fight for the very soul of our humanity and country. We artists see and serve a vital purpose. We help people see things from a different perspective. We are out of the box idea creators, innovators, story tellers and being much beauty, pleasure and joy to the world. Visual artist already have probably the least legal protections of our artwork of any creative field, vocation, or industry. Please don&rsquo;t make it even harder, already so many people are losing out to jobs. This isn&rsquo;t needed and harms our economy, and only serves to create more economic inequality. AI isn&rsquo;t inevitable, many people juts choose to do little to stop or regular it. Our  lack of government action to pause the use of Al technology until the legal system can look into this has already badly impacted us in creative industries. This isn&rsquo;t a natural &ldquo;progress&rdquo;. We need to stop worshiping at the feet of technology as if it&rsquo;s all good. What I bring, live, think, imagine, experience, dream, learn all go into my artwork. You can&rsquo;t take an artist&#39;s work like it&rsquo;s not about the human beings very life, it&rsquo;s so much more than a click of a button. Creativity and creating is human, I don&rsquo;t need or want AI to create art for me. It defeats the purpose of why I create it. Those who don&rsquo;t understand how long and hard I work and what my unique aesthetics mean for me as a person and an artist simply aren&rsquo;t capable of what we artists do &amp; must be held accountable for breaking the law by using work collected off the Internet without permission. We deserve to have our rights protected against those who would do us harm. This is probably repetitive but I&rsquo;m passionately against AI companies using copyright protected art work &amp; replacing job/work/livelihood of artists. <br/>