The use of Artificial Intelligence in the fields of the arts (illustration/drawing, writing, voice acting, music, etc) is a severe infringement of Copyright laws and an endangerment to the fields of work these connect to. These programs do not produce their own material. They have images, documents, and audio files put into them, and then they cherry pick details they can register to combine into the given request.<br/>Especially in illustration and A.I &quot;art&quot;, it has been seen that the signatures of artists are still in the final product, proving that it is directly taking from the work of real people. These have been used by companies, movie studios, and even individuals trying to make money off of this theft. Taking the work of multiple people and putting it together to present as your product is no less a violation than to take multiple pieces and call them yours more directly. It is just a more creative excuse to steal work for money while attempting to dodge copyright laws.<br/>If I were to take the Mona Lisa, and glue cut up pieces of a Van Goh to it, I cannot call it my work. I cannot say I painted those and put them together. That is still the paintings of two other artists, now just butchered.<br/><br/>In other fields it is the same. In writing, it is blatant theft and plagiarism. If I were to take the papers of multiple students, put them into one of these AI so it would mix them up, and then present it to my professor, I would be expelled. That is stealing the work of multiple people, mixing it up a little, and then calling it mine. We cannot say that actions that would get you failed in classes or expelled from colleges are legal and fair. With books it is no different! Taking bits and pieces of the writing from &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; and putting it together with &quot;Isle of the Blue Dolphin&quot; is not writing an original story. It is stealing the work of two authors, putting their words together, and calling it yours because you paid for a machine to put in the effort. People are not just making money off of false and stolen work, but the makers of these A.I. are as well. You have to pay to use these machines. They have created an entire industry off of unchecked Copyright infringement and it is an insult to our society, built upon the fine arts and genius of real people, not the schemes of theives and their machines.<br/><br/>Something must be done about this. The use of A.I. in these industries needs to be banned in the U.S. It is destroying our culture, disgracing creators, and letting others benefit off of lies. Entire social media platforms (namely &quot;Twitter&quot;/&quot;X&quot;) have been being used to steal the art and photography posted by users for these A.I. generators without consent. It is growing entirely out of control, and is only further excuse for the inflation crisis. Entire unions of artists, writers, and animators are currently on strike, and many companies are using this technology to further use their work without permission to continue avoiding paying workers fair wages. It is a disgusting development that must be put to an end. This is a country of the people, and the people are being robbed and replaced.