I am a member of the WGA west and have been a professional screenwriter for almost forty years.  In that capacity, I have helped to create of hundreds if not thousands of jobs.  Everyone from the director, to the the food service worker, to the animal trainer, to the carpenters building the sets had meaningful employment while turning a script that I wrote into a finished film.  I&rsquo;m not special in this regard.  Every writer who sits at a keyboard and is fortunate enough to see their work realized has created jobs.  If AI is not carefully used, all of those jobs will go away.  The only jobs left in film will be the solitary AI specialists.  They&rsquo;ll  come up with formulated stories, plagiarized from all the scripts that came before.  They&rsquo;ll render the sets, the backgrounds, the extras, even the lead actors.  They&rsquo;re won&rsquo;t be any need for prop masters, scenic painters, truck drivers, or assistant directors with walkie talkies telling the extras where to go.  They won&rsquo;t need to fly or drive to exotic locations.  They won&rsquo;t need to be fed, housed, clothed.  The ripple effects will be devastating.  As shattering as the WGA strikes have been for our local economy in California, the long range effects of unfettered AI have the potential to truly harm all our country&rsquo;s working men and women in all kinds of fields.  As you deliberate, please ask yourself, &ldquo;Would I like to live in a world where people have jobs and professions?  Would I like my fellow humans to have purpose and meaning as they earn their daily bread?  Or, would I rather turn everything over to a handful of lucky technical elites?&rdquo;  And, if you answer yes, have you really thought out all the socialital costs that entails?  What happens to welfare, food assistance, housing subsidies, education and child care assistance, medicare, social security?  Who pays for the programs that are partially funded from pay check withholding when those paychecks simply disappear?