So-called AI Large Language Models (LLMs) and other forms of mass data scraping technology violate the fundamental ethos of Intellectual Property law and yet position themselves as creative or generative. Proponents may spin the black box of the neural network and the algorithms it generates however they wish, but when these models are trained on datasets that are nonconsensually scraped from small creators and large corporations alike, all they can be truly said to do is remix the stolen intellectual property and creative labor of others, while obfuscating theft behind the promise of new technology. The creators of LLMs and other AI models often operate on the principle that their technology is more important than any ethical judgment or legal restriction, that if they go fast enough they cannot be bound by the law, and they are trying to game the system to render the complaints and criticisms of those whose data they have appropriated meritless. Even now, this office will likely receive thousands of comments themselves created by LLMs in defense of the unethical practices of AI models and the rights of their creators to extract value, in a sickening example of how thoughtless algorithms can absorb the words of others and spin them unchecked to shape society by brute force. This approach is destroying trust in the creators of traditional media, from journalism to film and TV to the publishing industry, and making it very difficult for artists, actors, and writers to do their jobs. This will have a cascading negative effect on society and culture if stringent guiderails are not placed on the sorts of inputs and outputs these AI models are allowed to absorb and generate for the monetary and aesthetic gain of their creators. We cannot incentivize theft, nor can we allow advanced technology to undermine labor without redress. The burden of lax AI copyright law will fall hardest on marginalized creators and the working class without generating economic productivity or any art of merit. This office must enforce the basic principles of intellectual property law and defend the rights of individuals and other entities to the fruits of their creative labor. I hope this comment is read and taken into utmost consideration.