Good day. I am an animator and freelance illustrator in my graduating year of art school, and one preparing to enter the workforce upon my graduation. As someone who is only just about to begin their journey into entering the animation industry, AI is something that will run in direct competition with me. My work very well might also, if it has not already, be used to train data without my knowledge or consent. I am highly concerned with the copyright law and policy issues regarding AI systems.<br/><br/>While the 2021 ruling that artworks &lsquo;all require human authorship as a condition of copyrightability&rsquo;, I have seen little to no regulation of AI systems online, with that lack of regulation now leading to cases of harassment and blatant theft towards many of my colleagues. A recent example was a friend of mine making an online post requesting for voice actors to audition for a school project, and a user of Generative AI went into their comments section and told any actors submitting links to demo reels that he had downloaded and uploaded their demos into a generator, alongside telling my friend how she should use AI instead of hiring actors. This had zero prompting and left both my friend and those actors distressed, with some I believe losing interest in auditioning for the project out of fear of more harassment, and she herself now being afraid of asking for voice talent so publicly again. This same form of harassment has also arisen with my fellow artists, with AI users who see any of them expressing their disinterest in AI as an invitation to download, and upload their works into generators, then message them about it as a means to upset them.<br/><br/>The way Generative AI is currently being used is setting this sort of precedent of complete and utter disregard for the talents or feelings of others, where people feel almost entitled to steal others work without permission for their own means. This is again a blatant disregard of copyright, as AI when used is plagiarism.<br/><br/>When AI is used, it does not &lsquo;create&rsquo; as a human would. My knowledge of the human form, and the way our world looks is within my mind as this unconscious stream of thought, mixed with my own experiences and views of the world in a way that&rsquo;s unique to me. My art style does not look like that of someone else-you can see similarities as to where we draw from yes, if we both are inspired by fairytales you might see similar forms of dress for example, but the way I choose to present that inspiration will differ greatly. They can see fairytales as more childlike and colorful, whilst I in contrast may see them as darker and more monotone. I also can still create no matter what is done to me. Take away my drawing tablet, my pencil, or paints, and I can still create-I can scratch lines in the dirt with stone, I could crush up flowers and mix them with water to imitate paint, I can light a match and use the soot it leaves to draw with my fingertip. I can find a means to do what I love, yet with AI, if you take away the program you cannot do anything. You have a string of words that are meaningless, nothing more. AI also does not interpret ideas as I can, as it cannot interpret the data it&rsquo;s fed beyond the surface. It merely takes what it&rsquo;s been given and blends it up before spitting out an amalgamation of someone else&rsquo;s work, with that result being lifeless without any of the human experience added to it. Seeing my fellow artists work taken and used in this way is like seeing someone Frankenstein together a corpse, with zero compensation or permission for that act.<br/><br/>Rather than being a tool AI has become a means of theft and harassment, used by those unwilling to put in their own creativity, emotions, or time into making artwork, writing, or voiceovers. Creating is something which has dated back to humanity&rsquo;s beginning, and is the most basic form of self-expression. Anyone can create something, yet this &lsquo;shortcut&rsquo; threatens of livelihoods of millions. I urge of Office to not sit by and let this plagiarism and harassment continue, as it devalues the work of real humans and threatens those who are trying to live their lives doing what they enjoy.<br/><br/>Thank you for taking the time to read my comment.