I am filling this out because AI copyright has had dramatic effects on creative industries that bring a lot of concern to workers. AI models have been taking artist&#39;s creative works like digital illustrations into their models and copying the same art style and the same compositions. This is causing a problem for artists because they are losing money from people who are stealing their artwork used in these AI models without permission. Artists have been having declining job opportunities due to social media algorithms making their work less visible and companies cutting down on employees to save money and use AI models. For some people who make money solely off word of mouth and social media presence, losing their audience to AI models that can generate near identical artwork without permission can be the difference between making enough money to pay their bills. People who use AI models also have the potential to create scandals, someone streaming their artwork in progress can get their art screenshotted, put into an AI model, and posted on social media before the real artist posts theirs, and it becomes a point of contention who really &quot;created&quot; the artwork. Artists often work years to learn their craft and it is extremely disheartening that AI models can copy their craft in minutes. AI models are a potential threat to creative works, because fewer artists will feel safe to post their artwork, and AI models will continue to recycle using artwork on social media. <br/><br/>AI models also have a similar problem with voice actors, taking someone&#39;s voice and making it say things the original actors did not say themselves. Like artists voice actors spend years perfecting their craft, and AI is a threat to their jobs when they are unprotected, and companies can freely fire them and replace them with AI if need be, continuing to use their voices without permission and without paying them. This method becomes further questionable when the voice actor passes away and no permission has been given to use their voice post-mortem. <br/><br/>I have said these words as objectively as I can regarding the threat of AI for creative workers, and want to say it is my opinion copyright measures should be in place to protect artists creative works by default, and AI models can only be allowed to use these works in their models freely when permission is given. 